Color was not as bright and deep as was displayed.
Color was a little paler than expected.
Material was of good quality.
had seen these shirts before but the cost was stopping me from buying.
decided to try them out.
should not have waited.
very happy with them.
Great jacket which keeps the rain out.
Hubby has not been out in pouring rain with it yet but seem to do the job.
Initially when he saw the jacket he thought it was too thin but he is now accepting of it as being an excellent wind jacket and rain jacket.
Bought this one as it has a hoodie and is compact for when travelling.
Looks good too.
Excellent quality of all items in the set.
All of the items are 100% cotton (top and jeans), very soft and convenient.
Recommend it!
This outfit is just adorable and really well made.
The colots are true to the pictures.
Washes well and a good price.
They run a little big though.
I got a large and needed a medium, I'm a 14.
Gave them to my daughter, no worries.
The outfit is too cute and made well!
However it does not fit right.
First it's a 2T and my daughter has just started to be able to wear it.
In other brands she is in 4T.
The chest and waist fit however the neckline is way too loose and the paints are a little long.
My daughter is in the 50 percentile of height and weight and this is not a common problem.
The model pant  is different from what is shown in the photograph.
The hem of the pants is very wide
The look and feel very comfortable.
This style of pants (tapered) looks great on athletic guys.
You get all the room you need in the waist without having pants that feel too wide.
The Olive color shown in the photo is not correct.
Check out the actual color on Kuhl's home page.
It's unfortunate as it was a great color.
Finally a cut for an athletic build that still has a tapered leg!
The extra leg room in the thigh make the 508 a great cut.
I bought my daughter quite a bit of clothes from Amazon recently and this has ended up as her favourite.
She loves it and I have to stop her from wearing it everyday.
My sister who is 48 has collected sock monkeys since she was young and I'm always looking for something new that she doesn't have.
This for the bill perfectly and is useful at the same time.
This outfit is very cute.
It's a little bit long, but that's a good thing as my Mini isn't quite 3T yet.
I bought these for my girlfriend because she likes the yoga pants from Victoria's Secret but there's no way I'm spending $35 on those so I bought her these.
She wears these more throughout the house because they are thin and revealing.
She wears her VS ones out in public because they are thicker.
She said the pants are very soft and comfortable.
They were a little long for her at first but we simply cut 3&#34; off them and now they fit just fine.
It looked NOTHING like the picture and the size was completely wrong.
I wish I could rate this 0 stars.
I threw it away almost immediately after opening it.
I didn't even feel like dealing with having to return it.
Awesome soft pants that do not constrict anywhere.
My daughter has sensory issues and LOVES to wear these!
I need to get them in more colors!
I have a confession: it took me a very long time to get over bootcut jeans.
I mean way longer than any self-proclaimed well-dressed man should have.
In the few years it has been since I've started transitioning away from the boot cut, I've been going from jean to jean, trying to find the &#34;right&#34; fit.
I want that nice, form-fitting look, without any unnecessary extra room.
But I don't want to go with an incredibly feminine skinny jean.I'm an athletic-built guy.
5'10&#34;, 170lbs, less than 10% body fat at the moment.
I went with 514s for a while, but they quickly started to look outright baggy and unstylish.
I switched to several other brands and also tried the Levi's 513s.
The 513s are okay, but get rather uncomfortable after a while, as I have muscular thighs.
In fact, I had to buy 513s a waist size larger than normal just to have a little extra room.
But when I noticed a dull pain in my... uhh... man-parts, I realized I still needed a little more room than that.I knew the 511s were skinnier than the 513, so I didn't even bother.
I had ASSUMED that the 508 was even skinnier than that (I don't know, I don't understand Levi's numbering system).
Turns out I was wrong.
The 508 actually fits much like the 513 from about the knee down (in fact, at the leg opening, one of my 508s is actually a bit smaller than the 513).
Where it differs is that it offers just a tiny bit more room around the thighs, where even larger or athletic guys don't feel like they're being choked.
I can finally buy my correct size/length and have a jean that fits perfectly.The 508 is the perfect masculine jean for the fashion-conscious meathead.
Yes, that's the best way to describe it.
You want to show that you aren't a slob, but you don't want to dress like a little girl to do it.
The 508 is the jean for you.I understand that fashion and &#34;perfect fit&#34; is highly subjective, so feel free to message me if you want to see how these fit on me.
I'll gladly send over pictures.
Very pleased with them and I will buy them again.
Nice sleep shirts and will keep you warm on those cold nights.
BOUGHT FOR MY HUSBAND AND RECEIVED 2/12/14 AND ITEM IS AS DESCRIBED.
GOOD AND HEAVIER MATERIAL FOR THIS WINTER WE HAVE BEEN HAVING.
HE LOVES IT!
HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
My grandson loves these pants.
This is the fifth Performance Polo that I have gotten and I like it very much, like the other four.
The polo is very comfortable and I wear them year-round.
They are great to maintain and the size is as advertised.
I love them.
I was given this set for my daughters birthday.
My daughter just turned 2 and is small for her age, she is only 24lbs and this outfit, in size 2T is extremely tight on her.
The lengths are great but its so much smaller then any 2T outfit out there, and my daughter still wears many of her 12-18 month clothes.
I'm really upset about this but even more upset because the package didn't contain ANY paperwork so I can't return it or exchange it and I didn't even know who had given her this gift!!
I had to call family until I figured it out!!
So my recommendation would be if you decide to get this outfit, get 1-2 sizes bigger and don't plan on a return.
It is a really cute outfit I just really wish my daughter could wear it!!
Very Disappointed.
I have ordered several items from Pendleton over the years.
Have always found the sizing consistent.
And quality is consistently good.
I bought this turtleneck as a foundation under vests and jackets.
Fits good.
Holds it shape.
And doesn't itch.
I definitely recommend this dress.
My daughter is 143cm.
and 35 kg.
I purchased size L and fit perfectly.
I also have to say that it is soft, and has a good quality of fabric.
I ordered three pairs of these to wear around the house.
They fit great and are very comfortable.
I am 5' 5&#34; and weigh 128 lbs and the size small fits perfect.
They are snug like yoga pants and you can fold down the waistband or leave it up if you want.
They are not see through and they flare out just a tad at the bottom of the leg.
They are kinda long, but that doesn't matter to me.
I love them and wear them every day!
I bought the 2pc out fit for my Daughter class party, she love the design and the material.
You can dress it up as well, will look good with a nice pair of sandals or close toes shoe.
These jeans are one of the best inexpensive jeans you can buy.
The fit is snug but not uncomfortable so.
They have a little bit more thigh/butt room than the 511 fit which is good if you're athletic.
The color is a pleasing indigo and, if you don't wash it too often, fades nicely.
I've worn mine for over a year and they still look great.
Not a single tear or anything!
I bought it for my teenager son and he just loved the color and the style.
Arrived in good time.
nice shade of red nice in small for kids and adults, like the inside pockets to can carry it in pockets
Love the fit of these jeans.
Have them in the grey denim color which I love so I decided to order them in the espresso color but didn't like it.
Was hoping it would be brown but it's more of a burgundy-brown.
Found the color strange so I decided to return.
I recommend this style of pants for guys with bigger thighs.
I have a Levi's 511 Slim fit (not tapered) which I love, but I have to go commando in them in order to feel comfortable.
This shower wrap is perfect.
I got it for my father who is home with hosparus and he wears this when he gets up for meals as it is too difficult for him to wear undergarments.
It is long enough to cover him well and easy to use the restroom.
He can actually put it on and off himself as the velcro comes in handy.
The material is very thick and soft, just what my father needed to keep him warm and not irritate his skin.
He calls it his &#34;skirt&#34; and he loves it and so does my mother!
The pants were a little too big but that was my fault.
Wish they had them in a 27.
I would buy another pair.
This item shows that a small is 18-22 lbs, but it is 14-18 lbs.
I ordered the small and when I received it, I noticed the online description is incorrect.
I am having to ship it back to get a medium for my son.
Otherwise the item is awesome.
Very cute.
I was worried the little shorts would float up in the water, but I do not believe they will.
Adorable!
This is a very cute, well made, SMALL change purse.It's ideal for holding a few quarters for parking or public transportation tokens.Not recommended for holding all your pocket change.
Got this for my wife for Christmas!
We both agree that we would love to wear our smartwools every day!So comfortable and warm!
She loves her's cause she can get it off without messing up her hair.
I like that too!happy smart wool wearers!
If these pants have spandex then I would like to know where.
These pants fall off of me!
I ordered a medium.
I normally wear size 10-12 in pants, so these should have been snug if anything.
Horrible, horrible pants - so cheaply made, not worth 2 cents.
I don't know how anyone could rate these any higher.
Very poor quality.
Save yourself grief and disappointment.
Don't order.
I bought this sweet little set for a little girl's birthday1 She is a little princess, named Aurora!
I think she is going to just love this super sweet set!
She loves pink and twirly skirts.
Her mom has trouble getting her into outfits with pants but I think this one won't be a problem!
Great price, beautiful quality!
The rosebuds on the ballet slippers are big, about 1 inch 3d rosebuds, which I was pleasantly surprised by!
This hat was small on my big head (was small on my wife's head too, and her noggin isn't that big).
Noticed the stitching in the back of the hat had split (either through wear, or it was delivered this way, not sure).
Still, it's a nice looking hat and certainly is warm.
I don't like the product at all, not to my expectation, the product is very thin, don't have the quality.
I'm surely discourage about this product.
my baby loves this set.Wants to use it every day.Is that loves spiderman.And all the marvel cartoons
I like Wes & Willy tops because they're nice & thick.
They don't feel flimsy or cheap.
I also think they run big, so keep that in mind.
Overall, a good "rough & tumble" tee.
I purchased this for my brother's godson to wear on Christmas, and he looked so adorable his mother could hardly stand it, hehe.
It fit loosely on him because he's scrawny and we got it a little big so he can wear it again, but he wasn't drowning in it or anything.
The suit isn't itchy, and it made him look like a little gentleman.
Other than it not being free, this is great.
I used it on a hike with only a tee-shirt under, works well keeping me warm, very light and the fabric doesn't irritate my skin.I'd wear one everyday if I had 7 of them.
This dress is super cute but fits strangely on my body.
I normally wear a 0 or 2 and have an hourglass figure with a 30DDD bust and still have extra room in the top of this dress.
It's a bit baggy under the arm and there is lots of room in the midsection, front and back.
Someone looking at me from the front probably wouldn't notice, but from the side it looks misshapen.
I didn't really want to return it and thought tailoring a tennis dress was too high maintenance, even for me, so I took matters into my own hands with a few safety pins.This might be just the right fit for someone with a more athletic figure.
And did I mention that it's cute?
I purchased these for my husband, and he's very pleased with them.
According to him, they fit well and are very comfortable.
The material is soft as described.
I feel that they were a good price for the money, and I will most likely purchase another pack in the future.
This thermal is super cute...I ordered a small (I'm 5'6" 105 lbs) and it fits except that it is a little short so I wear an extra long black tank underneath (I think it may have shrunk a little bit in the wash).
However, I'm sure if you dry it on "gentle" cycle or Low Heat it won't shrink like mine did.
However the arm length is still good and it's not too tight just a little too short for my taste.
I was a bit leary about the price, but its totally worth it.
My husband looks amazing in this vest.Its a slim athletic fit and the material has a bit of a spanx effect.
LOVE IT.
I never got them, the only reason there is one star is that I thats the lowest I can give.
The jacket is cute, but it is a size bigger plus the material is thin and looks cheap.
I would not recommend this item.
The quality of this shirt is outstanding and true to size.
My son looks very handsome in this, price is much better than what the cost is at sporting goods chain stores - Cost about 40% less!
Would highly recommend this purchase!
I adore this bag and this designer.
I only wish I could find the other little bags with this same print.
I  already own the the "makeup bag"  and this bag is a good size to run out the door with the bare essentials.
There are pockets in the bag and a front zip side pocket as well.
It closes with a velcro piece just at the top.
You can set it on the sink and it will wipe dry.
This is nice when using public restrooms and the ladies sink is full of water, and you set your bag down without realizing.
I got the bag in no time at all.
still in package with tags and everything.
no complaints here.
I love the design and all the funny things it says.
"im keeping track of how many times you annoy me" " I have  deep thoughts" " boy chaser " .
It is a super fun bag for the teenage girl or the adult girl stuck in her teens or anyone with a great sense of humor.
This bag is not too big, nor is it too small.
It is perfect.
seems to fit good but needs to be twice as long.
if I pull it up to my bottom lip, the bottom barely reaches the bottom of my neck.
as far as I know I have a normal size neck.
its is comfortable to have on.
I live in Zurich Switzerland and commute by bicycle even during winter.
I wore this on my commutes down to -5C, and with a shell 3/4 pants, they were great.
I have not examined them in detail, but they feel very comfortable.
I do not feel a hint of cold.
They were also comfortable at up to 10C.
I have not worn them when the temperature was warmer.
The windproof works very well and even down cycling fast downhill, I feel perfectly fine.Sizing wise, I am a waist 33 inch, and 170lbs.
a Large is a little large, but I do not know if a medium is too small.
I am very happy with these Bibs.
Would highly recommend them!
My husband loves the color and the fit!
Instead of having to wear the full robe he can just put this on getting out of the shower.
This is my second gun concealment purse and I love it.
This purse is VERY roomy - lots of room for "stuff" and your gun.
Two zipper pockets on top hold your stuff and the side zipper pockets hold your weapon (can choose right or left draw).
The purse looks fashionable and no one will realize it's a concealment purse.
The picture doesn't show this, but the purse has rounded silver rivets on the front side - making it very trendy.
I carry this purse even if I'm not carrying my weapon!
Very soft cotton model, with bold colors perfect for your girls comfort, freshness and beauty of this model and recommend the seller sends it in perfect condition and time ....
I love the color, I love the style.
But be careful of the color with &#34;rigid&#34; in the title.
These jeans are very reminiscent of shrink to fits.
They will shrink!
They are oversized to begin with, but there appears to be a reason!
The pants were longer than anticipated but was not an issue.
We had them hemmed so my wife could wear them around the house without shoes.
However, they look good enough to wear out.I personally love these!!
They look amazing!
I'm 5'6, 120lbs and got a size 8 -- great fit.But be forewarned, the &#34;espresso&#34; color looks brown online and sometimes in person -- but the rest of the time, the pants have an almost purple tint to them.
Very different in different lights.
But they're cute pants, so I still kept them!
This towel was for my husband, it says sm/med however it is a LARGE!
It fits my son that weighs 230 lbs and my husband only weighs 140.
Will have to definitely get it altered :(
Was great really satisfied.
Looking forward to getting more very soon.
Will probably get some as gifts for my friends.
I originally purchased 1 pair of this style Levis to see if I would like them.
Loved the way they fit!!
I like the slim legs without being "skinny jeans" slim.
I ended up getting 3 more pairs of other colors.
Would absolutely recommend these for everyone not quite "young enough" for"skinny jeans" lol.
It was too small, definitely not as advertised using the size chart.
The leggings were really long for the size of the shirt.
The shirt was see through and the legging material looked really cheap and poorly made.
I returned it immediately.
It was made for a 00 girl.
No where did it describe that it was so little and the quality of the material very cheap, do not buy
I was unable to find these slacks locally, so I went on the internet and typed in the style number and brand from an old pair like this.
What a delight to find that I could buy them again, and they are great - just a little bit of spandex and they fit beautifully.
I will definitely order more.
the top very cute and excellent, comfortable.the material very nice girle whene were tha top.
color very nice.can were any time
My husband wears these everyday under everything!
Great fit for a great price so we couldn't have asked for a better deal!
These tights were great.
Granted I didn't look like Giselle just by wearing them, but they made my legs look more toned.
I tend to get bruises on my legs from running and lifting weights and these tights also hid discoloration.
The convertable foot was also a good option.
They remind me of the tights I wore when I  was a kid rather than thin stockings for adults.
I bought 3 of these 2 of them were 3T and one was a 4T.
The one thing I didn't like was that both of the 3T size pants were different lengths from each other.
One fit my son perfect and the other outfits pants were about 4 inches longer than the other.
They were cute, but I probably wont buy anymore.
pretty nice suit, at a very affordable price.
my 14 yr old, who would otherwise NEVER wear a suit, was impressed at how sharp he looked in it.
made of a light fabric that wears comfortably in spring or summer.
be aware, however, that the color of this suit is not the off-white that appears in picture, but instead a light shell gray.
prompt delivery and courteous attention over the phone when i had to arrange an exchange for a larger size.
This outfit I got for my granddaughter was very cute.
Cheaply made!!!!
I ordered a size 4  for my granddaughter and everything was a four EXCEPT the tutu.
The tutu came in a size "2" not a "4".
What happened to quality control.
Doesn't anyone check the items fully?
Like I thought I'd need.So either these run large or I've lost inches in places I didn't know!!!
They were VERY comfortable to wear for those few minutes before they fell off.......
It was a gift to a co-worker's daughter and my co-worker liked it for her daughter.
So, I would consider it a good choice.
She said it's nice and she liked the style and her daughter can wear it maybe about to 2 more years.
So, for now I'm satisfied, just have to wait after it has been worn and washed.
Hope it will not have any problems.
But overall, nice and stylish.
Can recommed to other Moms.
I have 3 pairs of these and they last a long time.
great fit, not see though and not a bad price.
The quality of fabric is amazing and the tie dye looks great.
I am super stoked on this sarong.
Gunna be rockin it at coachella in the hot sun
Good quality for the price and all items can be worn separately with other clothes for a little variety and the jacket works with everything.
this shirt is one that i wear to work almost every day.
the quality is incredibly high and it can handle tons of regular washer dryer washing.
Didn't fit had to send it back.
When I got this, it fitted well until I put the hood on.
pretty much the hood was so small, it made you look like Butt-Head from "Beavis and Butt-Head" when he pulls his shirt over his head.
It looked ridiculous.
Also the zipper doesn't go all the way up.
It only zip across the shoulder, not the neck part.
The buttons are held on so flimsy that you can easily tear them off if not careful.
Lastly, the holes met for the buttons are so small that the buttons would not even fit into them.
It is Under Armour quality through out.
Have several UA polos and fit is always excellent.
Very happy with this purchase.
They are nice, really good quality.
I think they worth the money I paid for them.
I wear them with love.
I had never tried on a pair of mens' Lee Dungarees before last December 2011; while a friend of mine was busy finding his favorite Lees' I decided to go ahead, time to just have fun in one of my favorite stores, Ross Dress for Less, Salem, Oregon.Never in my adult life have I ever tried on a pair of 'jeans' and felt as if they were actually made for me only!!!
As I did not have any funds to spend on myself at this time, returning college student, and the Christmas gift list had not been completed yet.
I decided to write down every detail of the tags that were on this amazing pair of perfect jeans; and for only $19.99 at Ross.As the holidays ended, I searched every possible store in Bend and Eugene Oregon that carried Lees' NOT one of the stores had this pair.Eventually I ordered them through Amazon, as I did not think I would ever come across them at another Ross store for the same prize.
And I didn't.
I am always impressed with the great customer service through Amazon.com.
No one on the Internet beats their goals and missions to please the customer no matter what they must do it seems.thank you Lee Jeans for making the Vintage Slim Men's Dungarees!!!!
It would have been a 'plus' and great 'word of mouth' advertising if I would have received the same price from this web site as I had at the Ross Store in Salem, Oregon.
love them and they are actually long enough for my long legs:) i am 5 ft 9 and they fit awesome even better than some of my expensive pairs.
Will be buying more colors!
I just bought my second pair.
I like the style as they have a nice taper that suits a shorter guy.
My first pair I bought from a brick & mortar store.
Good thing as these run very long.
I ordered a 29 length rather than my usual 30 which runs about 33 in this style.
Waist size is true.
Now my second pair from Amz was similar in length (another 29) but different in nap.
These were much softer than my first pair.
So just be aware of some size and fabric inconsistencies.
I'd recommend trying a pair at a store before ordering online.
Not a boot cut; narrow at the bottom which is what I wanted.
Retail price is $65.
Discounts (Amz and retail like Kohls online)will generally have them in the mid-40's.
Probably my new "go to" jean style.
They fit as should be expected based upon the advertised size and the picture was accurate as to color.
The only thing is there was some face wear on them that was not visible from the picture that I would have preferred was not on the jeans.
Thank you.
These are very reasonably priced yoga pants.
They are not very stretchy so I use them for more around the house pants than exrcise becaause they fall down.
I ordered a large and am 9 months pregnant (big but I've seen bigger!)
and am normally a 8 or 10.
These strech out a bit and are a little large.
They shrink a little length wise, but are pretty long (I am 5'6&#34; - still a little too long) so would be good for long leggers.OVerall good pant for the 12 bucks.
Perfect ring for my 8 year old neice for Christmas!
She loves jewelry & this ring is very sturdy to be so small.
This midlayer hoody by salomon has an outer layer that is a soft knit polyester, the inner a brushed fleece.
The garment has movement mirroring stretch qualities and an athletic fit.
The fabric is soft and does fit the contours of your body.
I think the fabric is good, if lightweight, but I don't think the garment is well thought out.I don't understand if this is supposed to be a technical hoody or not.
Parts of the construction make me think they intended it for technical purposes (i.e. alpine climbing, backycountry skiing, etc.).
Because it has a form fit and stretchy fabric, those are usually signs it's geared for a specific purpose.
Also because the fabric is lightweight it's better suited for high energy activities so you don't overheat.
But if this is intended to be a technical garment it is lacking in lots of details present in other brands.
For instance it doesn't have the seemingly ubiquitous thumbloops, it doesn't have a droptail hem for tuck in coverage, and it doesn't have a collar that covers your neck.
The hood is another matter, it doesn't cinch down so it doesn't stay on if you are moving your head around a lot or doing an activity where your head bounces like running.
I realize this is meant as a midlayer, but look at other midlayer hoodies, the Patagonia R1 hoody, and the Outdoor Research Radiant Hybrid Hoody.
Both have the options I mentioned and they have a balaclava style hood, but it's not just those hoodies.
The Asics Thermopolis LT hoody also has thumbloops and a cinch down hood.
I do realize that Salomon has the Swift hoody, but that makes me question why this one exists, I'm honestly not sure what to use it for since there are other, better options out there in the same price range.The bottom line is, if you are looking for a technical hoody for outdoor pursuits, do not buy this, also if you are looking for a running hoody, do not buy this.
I think that this will be a great hoody for casual use, but it's pretty expensive for just a casual hoody.
My husband wears a Large shirt normally so we went with ordering an XXL to make up for this being an asain product and it worked.
=D
The fit around the waist and that's it.
They are about 7&#34; too long.
Nothing specified that they were for tall people.
These pants fit well and are comfortable, however, they are DEFINITELY see-through in the butt area.
Do not expect to be able to wear them in public unless you have a long top or your goal is to actually flash your undergarments to the general population.
The length seems appropriate for women with long legs.
I love this bag, sturdy and well made it is wonderful to find a bright beautiful bag for a little girl that is not branded barbie, dora etc
ok, a little loose to fit, price is great, jeans are thinso if not below $60 than not worth the purchase
These are a nice dark grey color.They adjustable waist is on one side and basically synches the waist band to barely reduce the rise.They also have drawstrings on the bottom of the legs to synch them tighter.The length is good for a capri in my opinion.
I am short so many capris are inches away from pants on me (prana for example) but adidas totally has length down!The fabric used is DREAMY.
Buttery and breathable!
Definitely amazing for any hot or sweaty sport.The cut is fitted in the waist and straight down after the hip plexus.
So the legs are wide and straight.Since I prefer the look of more fitted legs I am returning these.
But if you like a more long bermuda style these may be for you.As I said before the fabric is amazing!I am newly a medium and think that (judging by the fit in the waist) I could wear a small in these.
You may want to size down a size.
This is a true size 8 - not too baggy either - just a comfy fit.
My 7-yr-old wore these to two Christmas events (plus to sleep in) and they were perfect; both pretty and fun.
The material is flimsy and doesn't hold its shape.
They are even uncomfortable to sleep in....I ordered a small and they don't even stay up properly, and I have a larger bottom, but they are in general ill fitting.
Spend your money on quality yoga pants that you will love and eventually wear out rather then this cheep knock off.
It is exactly how it looked in the picture and it arrived on time!
I was super afraid that it would not fit since I am 5 foot 9 inches but It is stretchy and I'm not scared that it will rip when I move around.
Fits perfectly and looks high quality.
It makes me look amazing and I can't wait to show it to my boyfriend on our two year anniversary.
It makes me feel so sexy so I know he will love it too!
My roommate was skeptical about me buying lingerie off the internet but I am going to tell her about how great mine turned out and tell her that she should order too.
Excellent quality and good sizing.
I added these to a denim dress by cutting open a seam, sliding these in, and then stitching the edges.
The material holds the stitches well and they stay in place to smooth out the dress's form.
I bought these for spin class because my my cycling shoes are rather tight.
They do the job nicely, fit my small foot and don't move around much.
Some might find the arch on the sock a bit tight.
While overkill for a spin class, I think these would work nicely for a long ride where you really don't want your sock moving around.The downside to these is that they are a bit pricy, so if you are just looking for a basic thin sock I would look somewhere else.
ITEM WAS DELIVERED.IT WAS IN THE MAIL BOX .
THE UA BASE 3.0 LAYER IS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION.I PURCHASED THIS ITEM TO KEEP ME WARM WHEN I PLAY GOLF IN THE WINTER.
It is pretty stretchy fabric, but still does not run big so I would order true to size or maybe a little bigger.
Everyone has different body shapes.
Stylish and for the most part satisfied.
Seems like good quality.
This is the warmest top I have ever owned.
Good quality and fit, keeps me from wearing alot of clothes to work as I work outdoors and do alot of moving around.
Not having alot of bulky clothes on is a real plus.
I would recommend these to anyone who works outside and wants warmth without bulk.
The material is soft and comfortable.
They look nice, but don't stay up very well.
Was delivered right on time which was great.
These are good pants for ladies who don't have thick thighs or butt.
I ordered the large pair and they fit alright but have to be pulled up constantly thanks to my large behind.Review update:8 months later.
The pants are falling apart in the crotch area.
Not t oo bad though, I still love them and use them for at home lounging or working out.
Women's SmartWool Striped Hike Comfort Socks PURPLE M is GOOD .
I ENJOY TO IT.I LIKE IT,VERY GOOD.IS OK.GOOD.IS OK.GOOD.IS OK.
rough work&#65292; there are a loose end on a garm&#12290;I had to deal with this problem 20 minutes&#12290;I feel very disappointed
my two year old won't leave the house without it, what more can I say?
very pleased with the product.
This was a gift for my 6 year old nephew who is really into Legos.
He is extremely particular when it comes to texture and comfort.
He put it on and it is a favorite.
Sizing was good and it laundered beautifully.
The jeans Amazon sells are not authentic Levi's!
I've bought Levi's straight from the co. a # of times and they are known for having a red tab that says Levi's on the right butt pocket.
If you go to their company site, you won't even see 521's listed.
With all that said, they still are the best jeans I've purchased.Pros-Can wear them on a date or to a football game-The maneuverable version of the 511's(You can play sports in them)-Not snug in the crotch area
The Vintage Slim haa been thw jean I've been looking for, for quite sometime thw fit is awesome on the blue hued versions like the prodigy and azul, the combat which in the pictures to me doesn't look black, seam to run a little long in the inseam and a tad fuller thru the seat and thigh.
I'll just run them through a hot cyle and see where we're at.I like the fact that they are a mid-weight dinem in Texas full heavy-weight can be a bit much in the summer.
My greatest disappointment is that the jeans have been discontinued by Lee.
Really?!
.
Thas why only four stars.
I am 5'7"and have about a 31" inseam so I ordered regular length.
The product is good guality but the legs are too short.
If you are standing or walking, no problem, but if you sit on a tractor, motorcycle or snow machine, the legs draw up way too short.
So it depends on what you are going to be using them for.
They are warm and have heavy zippers so just be sure to get tall size.
I am 5'2'' 32B and 100lbs with a slim buildbought the light blue with pink accentsIt's not Victoria's Secret quality of course, but my boyfriend likes it, so I'll wear it.
It's a little big in the chest area, but at least it's not too small.
I may grow into it in that area, but who knows... (lol) for the price, I'll definitely wear it.
I'm not the type of girl to spend $40 on this type of outfit.
The shoulder straps are sturdy but as for the rest of the outfit, this nighty is definitely something you want to hand wash.
I was also pleased to see that it included a little thong as well which is the same light blue color as the nighty.
Wow, the colors and fabric quality are excellent, my only complaint is that the handle size 5 / 6 size 7 and they sent me, he is a little big child, but not so serious.
Very nice and it fascinated him.
I bought these t-shirts for the summer time to wear doing yard work.
When you have to wear a shirt , these work .
The price is very good and I'll probably get some more soon .
I ordered them for my 4.5 yr old son, who is big.
So I thought 6-8 would be just fine for him, but no, they look small on him.
I would have returned them and exchanged for a bigger size, but we need them now for an art project...Other t-shirts I always ordered in size 5-6 yr and they were fine.
Did a great job in Tennessee .
Fits perfect in its pocket and fits perfect in a backpack.
In the rain it did it's job ....
I would recommend this a will be buying more for the family ......
I bought this coin purse for my adult daughter who really liked it but then had difficulty with her daughters wanting it.
Cute little stocking stuffer.
The colo is good.
Hoping for lighter, but it is as described.
Size is good.
Quality excellent.
It is a gift, so can't make any comment about durability
Maybe I am just not a careful shopper sometimes, but these pants are really flippin' huge.
I don't mean huge in the waist and won't fit me, I mean huge all over.
I feel like a polar bear in these things.
I used my old snow pants for winter sports: hiking, snowshoeing, XC skiing, etc.
They were warm and fully functional.
These are warm but not very functional, at least for me.
I give them two stars because being bulky isn't necessarily a horrible thing, and if you are going to sit on a snowmobile or stand around watching your kids build a snowman, they are probably fine.
But for an active guy like me, these are just way too big (imagine buying jeans made for someone 100 pounds heavier than you, then inflating them with air--you get the idea).
So, if having your pants look and feel like they are about to give birth to a litter of baby pants is okay with you, go for it; otherwise, these are not the pants for you.
I use these shirts for my bicycle commute to work on roads that aren't exactly bike friendly.
At work I can hang them on a hook and they dry for the return trip.
This is a great swim aid (and looks pretty sweet on the little ones, too).
It has to be tight in order to work.
It stretches so go small rather than big (which is opposite how we normally think on kids' stuff).
got these for my son who plays high school baseball.
good pants, great price and he loves the fit.glad we got 2 pair.
they were a little long and he is 6'2", but they can always be hemmed.
Bought this aid bag to take with me to my next school.
I am a medic in the ARMY.
I love not having to dig for basic stuff like you do with most aid bags.
Simple but effective.
I was completely, 100% satisfied with this Carhartt Hat.
It fits as expected and I use it all the time, especially in the cold weather where I live, not to mention it's sort of a style now.
I love these jeans.
They fit nice, and they arrived very quickly.
I highly suggest you buy them.
Very comfortable.
The arm hole area seems too large, the sports bra doesn't contain all it is supposed to on the sides, even though the bra is kind of loose around, definitely not my most supportive bra.
Its still brand new to me so its a little tight but it keeps the wind out like you wouldn't believe.
Item arrived later a week later than others things I ordered.
Ordered the medium but its a little extra tight,  the side of the shorts have a stripe that says "mountain biking".
I am keeping a practice shorts
It is tradition in my family that a young girl gets a small white purse for her first Holy Communion.
Then it is put away safe to be worn at her Confirmation.
Then put away until she marries, she then takes it out for her wedding day.
It is quality made, beautiful and perfect for our family tradition.
It is great for a young lady's Holy Communion.communion or wedding.One thing though, when it arrives it needs to be reshaped as it is a mess, but, worth the fixing.
Love those underarmor shirts!
they fit nice they feel good on & love that type of material1 So conftarable!!
Thank you!
I use thight pants so the circles show >.
&lt; but there ok with dresses only except when u go to the club nd try to dance ur dress might go up nd then again that would b horrible but I guess if u wear loose pants it'll work
I LOVE these yoga pants.
They are very comfortable.
They fit perfectly.
They are long enough.
Not quite as bright as I had expected, kind of a darker pink but I adore them
My grandaughter wore it so that is a sucess for grampa, when I see it on her a second time I will crow about my fashion sense.
My husband loves when I wear this!
It's super sexy, light, and  comfortable.
I do suggest the lingerie to set the mood.
Purchased for my nephew who loves Thomas the Train&#8230;.
he loved it!!
Great birthday present!!
Nice outfit to start the cooler temperatures of fall!
I bought this for my 2 years son and look very handsome.
Good price for the 3 piece set.
I recommend it.
I wasn't expecting elastic jeans, but these feel great!
And you cannot tell they stretch unless you are the one wearing them!
They fit tight, but loose at the same time.
It's been a few years since I've purchased jeans.
Thanks to my beer diet, my pants are all tighter!
I would definitely buy a couple more pair of these pants.
Pull the trigger.
I had plates put in my right hand and needed mittens to keep my hand and arm warm in northern Indiana.
Battery operated mittens didn't do the job.
These did!!!
When my plates get cold, I'm cold for a long time, unless I can get to my moist heating pad.
Thank You!!!
Linda I
These polos are some of the best I've ever worn.
They have a generous cut and just the right sleeve length.
They feel pretty sturdy too.
I have five of them and will be ordering more.
That looks very tight like it could strange u to death hf high Gigi gig jogging might Gigi Gigi jhv
This wearable blanket is perfect for my 4 month old who no longer wants to be swaddled.
It's December and cold so this keeps him warm and safe.
The small size is still long enough with a little room to grow still (He has been in the 90% in height) I own two of them!
This set is cute and the material is soft against baby's skin, but unfortunately my daughter was never able to wear it.
The pants are enormous, definitely not 0-3 months.
I have a big baby -- 9.5 pounds at birth and 13+ pounds at 2.5 months, plus she's in the 95th percentile for length.
So if it's too big on her, the sizing is really a mess.
It's a shame because by the time this outfit fits her, it will be totally the wrong season.
Got a pair of these for my Girl Friend.
She likes them alot.
The medium fit her well.
(5'10&#34; 130lbs).
The only downside to them, is the material is a little thin.They aren't see through though.
I bought 2 more pairs in different colors because she said they were comfy and the price was right.
My daughter loves this fits her quite well and it seems to be well made and has already been washed about a dozen times in two weeks
Really cute set for 1,5-2 years girls, the same as on picture.
But if your kid is over 2 it better to order 3T, this would be a bit tight.
Highly recommend.
This has been a great windbreaker jacket for me.
I wear it all the time and have washed it numerous times, and it still looks almost as good as it did when I first bought it.
I have a small farm, so this jacket has seen it all -- rain, snow, wind, sun, animals slobbering on it, moving hay, anything that needs to be done outside.
It is tough!
On really cold days, I use it as a layer with another coat, and it helps to keep me warm.
The only slight thing I don't like about it is that the outer material is a little noisy (crinkly sounding), but that doesn't seem to bother my animals, and probably helps make it water repellant.
It has a soft lining inside and elastic cuffs that I like to pull over my gloves (that works great to keep things and the cold out).
If I ever wear this jacket out, I will be sure to buy another like it!
Great warmth!
Very durable and fits great.
It is great to wear by itself or under another shirt.
Highly recommend
This is my first corset and I just love it!
The clasps in the front are a unique metal instead of 100 tiny bra like clasps.
The tu-tu is slightly thin but the waist band is made out of a nice shiny spandex material that fits perfectly under the corset.
I personally just purchased a $20 tu-tu to fill this out more.
The only other thing that was disappointing was how much it flattened my chest.
I am a large B/ Little C, and even with a strapless push-up bra, it seemed that it flattened me as well as i couldn't fill it out all the way.
Oh, i also ordered a Medium when i normally where small shirts and im a 34 bra size and this ties up in the back around my waist but up by my shoulder blades it starts to open up a little.
SO THE SIZE IS TRUE TO WHAT YOU WEAR!
Overall i think for the price, this was worth it!
It is a great product for my kid.
Only one thing to mention: it is suitable for SLIM kids.
The zipper is short and it is a bit difficult to take the suit off when wet (but not a problem with a slim kid).
I always have great experiences with Not Your Daughter Jeans and slacks.
But, the corduroy didn't maintain its shape as well.
It is comfortable but, shrunk after a few washes and certainly doesn't flatter my shape.
At this point, I only wear it work in the yard.
This set is cute, but the shirt fabric is very thin, my daughter is 30 months and fits 4 size, so i recommend buy one upper size.
I would recommend these khakis to anyone!
They are very slimming and forgiving
This outfit is small.
I ordered size 8 for my child who is skinny and it fit like it was &#34;two sizes&#34; too small.
I sent it back.
Very disappointed in this garment, my daughter who was thrilled with it and loved it can't wear it!
She wore it once and when I washed it, the surged hem along the bottom of the blouse came apart and the material unraveled.
Will not buy this brand again!
The cute design attracts me at the first glance.
Not like the boring traditional backpack, its top folds down and deal the bag with a magnetic button.
A small zipper pocket by the side of the bag is convenient for cell phone or other small stuffs.
It could be used for both handbag and backpack.
The color is also pretty, true to the picture.
Very cute and pretty bag.
Everyone should have one of these.
Little girl love these.
LOL so do the big girls.
People just stare whenyou take one of the out of your pocket or purse, then they just smile.
Love them and very comfortable!
I am tall so the length was perfect as well.
I look forward to the next time I wear them.
Most comfortable shirt I own.
I wish they made polo shirts.
I ride a motorcycle and people can see me.
Fits good, i think the 508 is the best pair of pants levi's ever made, the quality of the denim is also grat
I purchased this as a gift for a new mom to be,she loves this item as it gives her room to move.fast shipping too,, thank you
I really like these socks.
They fit well and the colors are just like they look on the web site.
I'm probably going to get more in different colors.
Thin material but pants fit good and don't stretch out.
Very comfy and a good length also, would buy again
A few days ago I received in the mail the hoodiePet my mom won in a radio contest.
I love the softness of the material, the bright red color, the lion pet, and even more importantly, my two year old loves too.
I am sure as the weather gets cooler she will get a lot of compliments about her hoodiePet, and many more people will discover this fine product.
What a great idea!!!!
I was worried I wouldn't have enough room in this purse for my &#34;stuff&#34;.
But there is plenty of room for everything, and no one knows I have a weapon!
I use it for my 40 cal Smith & Wesson semi-automatic.
There is plenty of room for the gun.
The purse has also held up very well.
Love the very lightweight jacket... Love the color...great fit and with hood if needed... I recommend it ... Folds up really small
These short-alls were exactly what I was looking for!
They are very cute and fit like a glove.
They are so incredibly comfy, I could wear them all day!
I would buy them again.
I received my purse today I like the size it holds everything I need and my gun still fits well.There is room left for my Kindle when I want to take it also.
You can't tell its a gun purse at all.
The leather quality is very good.
I couldn't believe the price I think it is much nicer than some of the more exspensive purses.
I've been carrying this purse for awhile now and I'm so glad I got it.
You can't tell I'm carrying and I have plenty of room.
Very nice vest.
My grandson looks amazing in it!!
Very good quality and looks it also.
Much better than others I shopped for.
Wow ladies before you purchase make sure your a negative size this thing is hard to fit in if you are not.
Not sure what to expect ... but wasn't a five star
I bought this pretty dress because my daughter refuses to wear trousers.
It is perfect for a dressy school day or for church.
It looks like a sweater dress, but is long, with silvery threads and pretty crystal looking hearts on it.
The fabric is thin and soft.
We haven't washed it yet, so I don't know how well it will hold up.
This cute purse is well made.
It was a present for a birthday girl turning 3 years old, who was very delighted!
I love the socks , just confused on the sizing issue.
Women don't get a variety of color like the guys do but with my leg braces (AFO's), they are great.
My calf is large and the smalls will fit much better now that I don't need to pull the sock over the top of them for cushioning.
My oldest child is now in the toddler sizes & he wore them through infancy.
Amazing concept & product that saves you from SIDS concerns & re-covering with a blanket at night.
Using them for our second child.
I bought this dress for my 2 year old daughter.
It looks absolutely beautiful on her.
I would have given the dress a perfect score except I have to very small details that bothered me when she has worn it.
First, at the bottom of the shirt portion of the dress the hem from the shirt was constantly flipping up.
So of course everytime I would notice it I would push it back down.
My daughter is a very thin girl and so their was no  pulling or stretching going on to warrant that.
Second, the ribbon has been an issue.
It was constantly coming undone.
Of course I had to tie the ribbon so I don't know if that was my issue or not?
Either way I was constantly retying it all evening.Overall however, I love the look, the feel and everything else about it.
Like no other suit on the market, Ferrecci really did their homework on this suit, they use the same fabrics and fusing as the high quality Italian designers, but charge only a fraction of the price.
This suit in-particular provides one of the finest finishings I have ever seen as well as one of the most well fitting cuts I have yet to see on a suit.
Truly a great buy!
Rarely does a one size fits all actually fir this one does, with Carhartt quality.
Might be the last hat I buy.
I am very active outdoors so these are very comfortable and warm.
Hugs body perfectly for me.
One negative is this product could be a tad longer.
I am only 5'7 and even the mediums are almost short for me,as they are right on the borderline, but they still work.
Air dry, do not machine dry or they will shrink.
Would buy again.
Lightweight and comfy enough give for yoga for real.
I am 5'6&#34; and weigh about 135-140 pounds.
These yoga pants are a great fit, huggy but not squeezy tight.
I bought this outfit for a friend.
The material wasn't nearly as soft as I had hoped it would be.
I love the color; however, and think the outfit is cute.
I usually uses small to medium; however, these fit to loosely.
I use these quite frequently for the gym, vigorous excercise.
Still I don't like to lood like a nerd.
I will either have to go through the inconveneience of having them altared or exchange them.
Great jeans.
This color seemed to have an extra but of elasticity.
I found that in the waist they are a little roomy but I haven't washed them yet.
I have searched this item for a very long time among which are Soma, Victoria Secrets and Macy's.
All of them do not retail sew-in cups.
These bra cups are very light unlike the foam/gell ones which are heavy on the breasts and make our 'assets' sag.
Either that, or it's the stickers that merely cover the nipples and offer no shape, lift whatsoever.I bought one pair at first as I've tried so many that don't meet my requirements.
After that I ordered 4 more pairs!
This was the first time I've tried any Intimo's products and I was pleasantly surprised.
The fit is just right.
They are soft, extremely comfortable, well made and don't shrink after washing.
After I ordered the first pair I ordered 3 more in different colors.
As a bonus they come with Slipper Socks that have little non-slip strips on the bottoms which are perfect for going around the house in the winter without getting your feet cold.
The socks are machine-washable as well.
Highly recommended.
I HAD LOOKED ALL OVER FOR THE NAVY UNDERSHIRTS THAT ARE NEEDED TO BE WORN UNDER A POLICE UNIFORM.
I FINALLY FOUND THEM HERE.
I WAS JUST THRILLED AND EVEN MORE SO WHEN THEY CAME IN A MATTER OF DAYS.
This purse is absolutely adorable!
It is sturdier & bigger than I had originally imagined and there is a lot of room inside for little girls' accessories.
My daughter carries this with her everywhere & everyone wants to know where we got such a cute little purse!
Highly recommend!
Purchased this thinking maybe a wallet that will last vs the cheap models I have had in the past.
It is just that, well made and holds a decent amount of cards.
Though not as many cards can be held in this unit over previous wallets it made me rethink that I HAD to have with me all the time.
Love it and will pass this on to other friends.
I like this shirt but feel I would like other colors as well.
The fit and feel is comfy.
We will see how fragile the material is.
UA has been good to me before and I have found their outdoor wear to be real tough.
Great product.
I use it as a supplemental layer underneath my daughters jeans and tracksuits in winter.
The pajamas have to go over babies head, arms through then all the snaps around crotch/legs.
They are a lot more work to put on a tired squirming baby than the one piece zip ups that do not go over the head.
I've had this since December and it is one of my most favorite pieces of clothing ever.
It really does fit any situation; I can wear it to more formal places and simultaneously I can wear it in casual settings among friends as well, even my mom likes it.
Too bad it's starting to get hot up where I live otherwise I'd be wearing it constantly.
I gotta give credit to Kuhl for consistently making such nice apparel.
Sometimes their stuff can get pricey, but it is one of those you get what you pay for situations and Kuhl definitely makes material worth your money-quality over quantity.
That being said I've amassed quite a quantity of Kuhl apparel over the years :).
my son loved it fit perfect it was exactly the right size I might even buy  the same one different size next year
Ordered my usual size, was disappointed that its not a true 2xl.
For the money one would think the shirt would be tailored for a active fit.
Tail is not long enough to stay tucked while swinging a club or bat and shoulder fit is tighter than other shirts I own.
I bought a medium for my 5'9&#34; 170 lb husband.
It was way to small.
the shirts.
run small.
The large fit fine.
Wonderful feeling
I was looking for a adorable purse for my 2 yr old daughter and I loved this one!
However when I recieved it had marks on it which looks like nailpolish will not come off!!
Dissapointed and will return!!
I guess since they're tapered and have a smaller opening, the length feels way longer on these.
Nice cut, since I have larger thighs but smaller calfs (chicken legs, if you will) but I would have gotten a shorter length than I do other Levi pants.
Its color is so good and the waist is not too small or too big.It is exactly the same as my waist.I like it.
At this time of year I had a difficult time finding bathing suits for my two little grandsons.
As they live near the beach in Ft. Lauderdale, FL, it was great to find the sun protection fabric swimsuits.
They were delivered in a timely fashion and fit the boys nicely.
They were delighted with their gifts, as were their parents.
Thanks for your help.
This is great shirt.
Dries quickly.
Easy care.
Got a coffee stain on the course and cleaned it off with a wet napkin.
Will mostly get a few more in other colors.
The suit was delivered as expected, in a suit bag.
The seller included a free tie as well (ironic given that the suit was ordered to be worn with a Mandarin collared shirt as well...but the gesture was nice).
The sizing was spot on to what I expected.For those who do not order suits normally keep in mind that you must have the pants hemmed.
(This is a *good* thing so that they will fit you perfectly.
This is industry standard for quality suits.)
The shipping was prompt, and the item was great.
These pants are great.
Very comfortable and look great.
They're meant for the guys who want the slimmer look but have bigger thighs (me).
Most other &#34;slim fit&#34; pants are too tight on my legs.
These are as if they were made just for me.
So if you are &#34;slim&#34; but have bigger quads/hamstrings these will be perfect for you.
They fit perfectly and are very comfortable over my pregnant belly!
I can wear them anywhere.
At home or on the go.
If you have cruised the department stores, you know that Lee makes a selection of black stretch plain front pants that  fit this  description, but there are  substantial differences in fit and feel of the fabric.
These are dowdy and stiff compared to a much softer and more form fitting style that I had purchased at Kohl's.
The good news is that this vendor had what I wanted, so we could do an exchange.Before you buy, I suggest you write down the actual Lee description code and ascertain that the vendor has what you want.
My dad loved this shirt for his father's day gift.
The only thing that I wasn't so sure about was the color...it is more of an orange red than it looks in the picture.
I ordered this for my neighbors 3 year old daughter for Christmas.
she saw it and her eyes lit up.
When she put it on she couldn't stop swirling to show us how pretty she and the dress were.
The dress and quality exceeded my expectations from the photo.
These jeans have an awesome fit, especially for a man who does his squats or a man who eats lots of cake that goes right to his thighs.
Either way, they have a good amount of waist room to go over a belly or a 6-pack, room in the thighs for cake or muscle, and a pleasing taper on the calves if you miss calf day a lot.
Purchased these items near the end of winter and dont know how I ever survived without them.
Best cold gear on the market.
I highly recommend this item.
They run a little small so purchase 1 size up from what you would normally purchase.
It's a really nice looking bag, and I thought it would be perfect for me and my little friend - but while the conceal part is great, the actual purse part zipper just broke.
so, its a lot of money for something that was not that well made.
These tshirts are as expected.
They arrived on time and were true to size.
They retained their shape and size after washing and drying.
Soft, as tshirts should be.
No complaints from my boys!
I ordered two for the price, we love it and it meets school requirements.
Good bargain for a small pocket, Material is pretty good.
Overall it is a cute outfit.
But the shirt was baggier than I thought it would be.
The pants fit great though.
My daughter likes it and in the end that's all that matters!
I bought two of these - for my 1 year old and my 3 year year old grandchildren.
Neither of them can swim and are not yet able to properly kick or tread water.
When they tried to use these, they were rolled over face down in the water.
Another child at the pool had one and was able to properly use it because he had rudimentary kicking and arm movement skills.
I would not recommend this for totally beginning swimmers!!!!!
3 year old is cute in these.
Sweater is not as thick as it appears but fits well.
Overall happy with the outfit.
This purse is so cute and great quality.
The little girl's face lit up when she opened this present.
It looked like a great size for her.
I really liked this product when I first got it, but I expected it would be useful for longer than a year.
I have it sitting in my bathroom on a platform next to the tub - maybe 8-10 inches away, even with tub.
This bathroom is rarely used for showering or bathing, and yet all of the shelves are now rusted.
I spent $43 for this - it should have lasted longer.
I now have to look for something else.
I love these jeans!
Unlike the current trend, the denim is not paper thin, and they are actually boyfriend jeans (leaving room for athletic legs) and not skinny bootcuts with a different name.
The rise is perfect - not so low that you'd have to be 16 to wear them and not so high that you can't breathe.
They do gap a little in the back, but nothing that a belt can't fix.
Thia ourdit is adorable and well detailed.
Hoodie is perfect length and well made.
Black pants are perfect with the red hoodie.
My 7 year old daugther loves this Tee.
Its beautifull, fresh and made with a good quality material and true to size.
Worth the money.
I absolutely recommendt it
If you like large purses, this one might be okay.
The interior was also black, making it difficult to find things in; and the lining was so loose it bunched up and made it even more difficult.
I have a Walther 9MM; the holster was too small for it but if I just put the gun in without the holster, swallowed it.
The order arrived 10 days earlier than expected and the quality of the product is as described.
I am a small female so I ordered an xsmall and I could not be happier with the fit.
The hood is a bit tight as another reviewer commented on, but overall I am very happy with this neat sweater.
These are perfect!
So cute.
Fit is good.
I highly recommend.
We used these to go under a cute little dress with a bustle and they looked SO good.
These are just like the full length jeans that fit well, wash well, and look great!Thanks Gloria!
I love this outfit it fits my son very well and he loves it.
My family thought he was so cute in it!!!
For the price, you can't go wrong!
I love this piece, super cute on!
I would highly recommend this item to anyone looking for something cute and cheap.
Very cute, and perfect for a friend of mine.
Quick ship, than you.
Bought this set because of the long sleeve t-shirt alone.
Good quality for the price.
Colors holding up very good.
The order for the shirt is wrong color and the shirt is way too big.
It is just hanging up in my closets can't wear it
This was a lovely combo; if anything the entry undersold it.
The dress and coat are both lovely, and at a very fair cost.
For some reason I though those socks are heavy weight cottons, from the way I saw the photo.
But it's actually thin but still very nice socks.
The shirt is quite flattering, especially on the stomach.
It's very soft and comfortable, although a little revealing - I wear it with a sports bra underneath to cover up for a more modest, layered look.
I know that this is a product meant for men, but I bought the hoodie because I love the collar and the asymmetrical zipper/button details.
The sweatshirt is a very nice, spongy material that's warm but breathes.
It's more like athletic clothing material than traditional sweatshirt material.
The faux fur is nice and soft, doesn't shed and hasn't been destroyed in the wash.
It's a little big on me (in US women's sizes, it would be about a 4 or Medium), but I absolutely love it for casual Fridays or schlubbing around the house.
I've had it for about 6 months, and it's showing no wear or tear.
Haven't even had to sew a button back on!At this price, I would recommend it to all my friends - guy or gal!
My daughter has taken gymnastics for a few years but doesn't love wearing a leotard - she says that's for ballet :)  These are perfect!
We ordered her exact size and they are a perfect fit.
She wants to wears them all the time, even to bed.
They make great jammies too.
Also good under skirts!
these are light wieght and not see threw i'm a 12 got the large very comfortable and can wear anywhere
I love these shirts...perfect tight compression up top with a nice looser fit around the waist.
You don't have to be an underwear model to wear it in public.
They are very generous in the length...I had mine hemmed since I can't stand having a shirt go lower than my behind, and I don't like to tuck them in either.
Nothing like ruining a fine cigar because it ends up soggy or tasting like dirt or pesticides.
Great product, I bought some for all my cigar smoking buddies and they all agree its a nifty gadget to have if you are a smoker and a golfer.
Beautiful outfit!
Wring size!
I ordered a size four, came in a size 6x!
SO I was dissapointed, I am not sending it back, instead I will keep it and save it for my daughter when she gets that size!
Avoid this company.
Returns are a nightmare with them.
They drag their feet when you request to return perfectly good, unopened products.
I bought it as an afterthought for my wife and it was quite lovely.
It is one of the best products I bought for her off Amazon.
I received the 2 piece suit with the pants being one size nd the jacket another size.
I was very disappointed and returned the whole thing.
These pants are really comfortable.
They came with a small rip in the middle.
I sewed it shut, If it came like that I wonder about the quality.
I will use when I start my new job as a security guard and I hope I will not have to find out how it good it worked but it's getting to the point guards need more protection from knifes
I bought these for my stepdaughter, who has a very individual sense of style.
They look great, and they have an adjustable waist which is GREAT because she's very thin.
The cross was missing a rhinestone and it was discolored!
Too much to send it back!
VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!
Not happy at all.
I am not a jeans lover.
However, I found these jeans to be good fitting and very comfortable.
No problems
A bit long in the leg.
These are cotton by the way.
They are made of a thin fabric which makes for a loose shape.
But I guess that's ok with the price.
Bought this jacket for my husband for layering during a ski trip.
It kept him really warm and looks very nice on.
He has broad shoulders and it did not seem too tight in the shoulder area.
He is about 6 ft. tall and the length was perfect as well as the length of the arms.
Thinking of buying another in a different color for the upcoming cooler weather here in Florida.
I bought the yellow color.
They are pretty but not too too bright.
They are a little big in the waist.
Good for apple shapes.
We like Armour and Chilly's at our house.
This was a good price online and it meets the outstanding reputation of the name brand.
Wicks sweat well when working out, and it washes up nicely.
I purchased this pullover as a gift.
It is the best of quality and a very good looking garment.
The wearer says, "it is warm, comfortable, and would love to receive more of the same."
I will use this company again and will recommend it to anyone.
We bought this monkey purse for our daughter's third birthday coming up in May.
It is the cutest purse ever, hands down.
Very well made, can&#8217;t go wrong with the price, great for everyday use, with all the colors on the sweater you can mix & match with other outfits.
I like this on my wife, omg if ur wife looks good this will Really look good on her,the very short time it Will be on :-)
I bought this to surprise my husband and tell him I was pregnant.
He loved it!!!!
It is absolutely adorable and very well made, the only thing Im kinda worried about is the Velcro on the belt, it is placed on the side of the baby and I wished it was either on the front or the back but no biggie :)
Bought these for my husband, he is 6'1" and on him they are a good length.
They have a nice feel to them and they run according to size (not baggy or too tight) The only negative comment is in the styling - they have a draw string on the bottom that makes them look a little "girly" when we took that out, they were great.
These were exactly as described.
They are soft,  strechy and comfortable.
I'm very happy with them as I use them for yoga.
I'm 5'2&#34; and the smalls look great, but every time I sit down I've got to pull the back up :/Length is jusssst a tad long; fits in boots but extra fabric shows.
I received these jeans from Amazon via FedEx this morning.
They are a perfect fit and I can't believe they are Lee brand.
I never would have thought I would even buy Lee jeans but they are already a favorite.
I normally buy Christian Audigier, Sean John, or Marc Ecko but the fit on these is the best.
This is a high quality, attractive belt.
Due to a strange quick in all belt sizing, I ordered a 38" belt though my waistband size is 36".
I get about the right amount of engagement (third hole) this way.
I don't like a belt that engages in the first hole - no room for expansion.
Well I am glad to say that as a guy who doesn't want to dress as a teenager it's a nice slim look at the bottom without being too tight at waist.
Now the issue was the color.
I thought it would be simply light LIKE the picture.What I got was a pair with that yellow undertone to it.
Also they were a bit thinner material than I expected too.
I don't mind paying for something as long as I get what I paid for.
This was a little bit of a disappointment.
Very reasonably priced and practical for several wears between Christmas and New Year.
Looked good after several washes over a few weeks...Will continue to wear shirt and pants with different sweaters all through the winter and into spring.
Would recommend this outfit...Our boy is 4 years old.
Pants are great as described, received on time .
Giving pants away as gift to my sister who loves to exercise.
I'm sure she is going to love them!
This lunch bag is great, your kid will like it but it may get them in trouble.
It got my kid in trouble.
The Strap is VERY long.
A lunch bag doesnt need a long strap, just a handle.
My kid was swinging the bag around at school.
Its got a shoulder strap like a crossbody purse.
thigh/ crotch area too big.
i bought it hoping that they would fit me despite the other reviews... but not so lucky.
.
still gonna wear them fabric is nice
My 2 year old niece fell in love with her purse and had to show it to everyone.
Only criticism is that it would be nice if it open wider.
Material is a bit stiff but she loves it regardless.
Pretty amazing as far as work shorts go!
Light weight but not so much as to call them cheap.
As previous reviews have stated, it's best to pick a size larger as they tend to run a liitle small.
An amazing buy for the price!
Love the way these tint with the light.
They do get dark, so as you traverse from open field into a trail it may be dark for a short time.
They so seem a bit large, but the coverage is great.
Bought this for my Sagitarius boyfriend!
He's a &#34;freebird&#34;.
You know how those Sag's are.
Anyway, it is a good quality t-shirt, and I was happy with it.
So soft and warm.
Does need a belt to stay up because of the weight.
So comfortable, even for a hike.
This thing is great.
Big and long velcro closure keeps it in place.
Excellent quality terry cloth.
Heavy duty.
Priced right.
This dress was super cute and exactly what I expected.
It fit me perfectly and I love the bright color and softness of the material.
This is a great price and I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is small or medium.
Would definitely buy more sometime in the future.
Love the colors and style.
My daughter love it as well .
I ordered my wife a small shes like 110lbs so should have been perfect size.
They are VERY!
big and WAY!!!!!
to long kinda disappointed with these the should fit small as they are yoga pants well they DEF!
dont!!!
Read the other reviews and believe what they say on sizing!
I wear an 8, sometimes a 10.
I ordered the 14, knowing that a corset at this price probably ran small, and boy was I correct.
There is no flap inside the back (behind the laces), so if you're unable to tighten the laces fully (as I was), you have bare skin showing.
There is not a lot of cup shape in the bust area so this flattens rather than flatters up top.
The skirt is adorable - no complaints there.
Loves these yoga pants and wear them all the time at home.
They are very comfortable, fit and look great.
I was so angry when I opened up my shorts!
They said they were walking and they barley cover my bottom.
I got these a few months ago and the retailer knows about it but never changed the description of the item.
So don't buy them if you want longer shorts.
.
These are not them.
Terrible costumer service.
They didn't even care.
Shorts were thrown in the trash.
This is an okay product.
It's good but not great.
Will I buy it again?
Probably after all it's cheap on Amazon and serves me well.
It's an inner shirt and it's really soft on me.
I am a very picky person when it comes to clothes.
I'm even more picky when it it's narrowed down to my comphy clothes These sweatpants are super slimming, sexy and, perfect for the gym.
Recently ordered black and I'm hoping the same results come from the light blue.
SOO EXCITED
They encompass everything I like in my jeans.
They're snug, but not too tight, sit below the waist as stated, and a great price.
The jeans are very comfortable but I don't understand why they don't come in the color of normal Levi's jeans.
Do they make 508's with the same denim they use in 501's & 505's?
I plan to wear them until they are worn out.
I do like them.
I was just looking for a normal denim fabric with a tapered fit.
My husband works outside and goes through carhart sock hats like no one's business.
This is a different style so I took a chance and got it for him for Christmas.
He loves this thing!
Now he's always asking me &#34;Have you washed my green hat yet?
&#34;
Totally awesome... love it and will buy many more... so comfortable... actually I'll be back after I put it on... I'm going through withdrawals...
What is there to say, They fit.
Got about 30.
You can't have too many undershirts and Fruit of the Loom underwear has never disappointed me.
They are soft and fit well.
The price on Amazon was very fair.
i love them i can wear them to work or to workout and even just around the house for comfort
My daughter absolutely loves these pajamas.
Only one drawback is that after a couple of washes, the fabric starts to pill.
it has the heavy terri cloth i wanted .
the velcro band is 2in wide and well attached.
i'm 6'1&234lbs; comes down to my knees and overlaps enough to be discrete with my 38" waist.
i bought the small size and it fits me perfect.
i'll be buying more.
6mths later with almost nightly use and it's still in great shape velcro band holding tight!
My 7 year-old daughter loves her HoodiePet.
This is the fleece she wears all the time - despite having 6 other jackets, sweaters and fleeces to choose from.
She plays with the Cheetah and the other HoodiePet animals she has.
She likes having one of them with her whenever we go out.
The fleece is super soft and cozy and looks great after many washes.
As a mom, it's nice to see her creatively playing with a small plush toy rather than being plugged into a video game.
I would recommend this for your kids or as a gift.
It's fun when a few of her friends have their HoodiePets and can play together.
This is nice and thick and is very well made.
I am pleased with this purchase.
Washed up nicely and is good legnth
I've been trying to find a pair of jeans for what feels like forever that had a good tapered look but didn't feel like putting compression socks on my thighs.
These jeans are great for guys that want the slimmer look, but don't have the little bitch hipster legs required to fit most of those jeans.
I've got quite muscular legs and calves due to lots of cycling and dem squats, and these jeans fit like a dream.
Finally.
My daughter received this as a gift from Grandparents and LOVES it!!
Perfect for sleepovers where she takes her American girl doll.
Nice bright colors, washes well, very pleased!
I have been using the belt for about a month and it still looks brand new.
The stitching and materials are high quality.
It looks exactly like the picture.
Great product, quite warm and easy to wash, recommend don't leave in dryer to long, best to hang dry... I bought 2 great for gifts, or for you!
Great sell, I LOVE these pants!
So comfy, and perfect fit!
:):) I intend to stock up on some more!
Thanks
This is an easy, cute, comfortable, and stylish outfit for your little guy.
Love the color, love the quality, love the look, love the price!
It's a new favorite!
I bought this for my son to go on a skiing trip.
He said they really keep him warm.
I am between petite and normal sizes.
Petite is often too short, but I've discovered that sometimes I can wear a juniors size and the length will work.
Those days have apparently passed.
The inseem on the small was 31&#34; which would have worked, but I needed a size large.
I don't know the exact inseem on the large, but I cut approximately 6 inches off the bottom of the pants.The pants are comfy, but somewhat thin.
However, for the price point, the thin material would be expected.
These will  hold me over until I find a new perfect pair of lounge/yoga pants.
These were too small for my 2 1/2 year old.
He is on the bigger side.
However I was surprised how they weren't wide enough for his head.
A lil bit big for the dome piece, but still very comfy and warm.
All size fits all= pumpkin head
The product consisted of 3 pieces, skirt, sweater and pants.In the package of delivery only got two pieces, skirt and sweater, the pants do not get me
It's a funny little gag gift to give to your boyfriend/husband/etc.
Actually a little useful as well!
We had fun filling this out.
When i saw this bag i loved it from the first sight, but when i examined it i saw it was spoilled, the surface was cut:(:(:( i even don't know what to do.
I am dissapointed:(
I got this for my 10 yr old daughter's birthday, as she loves all things Monster High.
The skirt has pretty sparkles throughout and layered & the shirt is very stylish with the crop-top look as though it has a tank top underneath.
The shirt is all one piece though.
I have washed it about 3 times now & it hasn't lost any sparkles or color on the shirt.
(I wash in cold inside out).
I ordered a little bigger than I would normally get, so it's a tad big on her, but still works.
She's on the taller side at 4'8 & weighs about 95 lbs & bought a 14/16 thinking she might need that, but it turns out I could've gotten a Large instead of extra large; if that helps anyone with sizing...All-in-all a good purchase for any little Monster High fan!
I love Tea Collection clothes for my daughter.
They are just different from what you find offered elsewhere for girls, and they are comfortable enough to be playclothes but nice enough to take anywhere.
Very versatile.
I order them a size up to get good wear out of them as they are expensive for kids' clothes.
Soft, stretchy, comfortable!!
These are great everyday yoga pants and were comfortable enough to wear after a C section, during recovery.
I bought this for my husband.
He NEVER remembers our anniversary...it drives me crazy!!!
I filled out the Cheat Sheet for him and entered all of my information and then put it in his wallet.
Not only did he remember our anniversary he also bought my favorite flowers (orange tulips)!
I have never come across such terrible stitching.
It shirt started unravelling from 2-3 different places the first time it was worn.
Fitting is pretty bad as well.
Very disappointed
Children grow out of clothing fast.
So, when you are looking for a little sporty outfit for a good price, this is it.
It is comfy.
It fits our boy just fine.
Is it the quality of Gap?
No.
Is it $40?
No.
Very nice sweater, beautiful blue color.
I was surprised how well made the sweater is considering the cost.
I might purchase the other colors for my twin boys.
I purchased this jacket to keep in my vehicle as an emergency jacket.
It folds in to it's own pocket and is very compact.
Once folded up you can even roll it up a bit to bring it down to about the size of one of those fat Foster's beer cans.
Lightweight, easy to use, very happy with this purchase.
This is a great hanger for jerseys.
It is well made and nice looking.
The company is also great to work with.
They did as promised, followed through in a timely manner, and then did a follow up after delivery to check on my satisfaction with the order.
They also sent a discount coupon for my next order.
I will do business with them anytime.
It was a happy experience.
Got this for my husband for Christmas.
He was looking for something professional enough to wear to work and this sweater is great.
He normally wears a Large and this L fits perfectly.
It says its reversible which is fabulous, tags would have to be removed though.
It being wool and multi-layered, its definitely warm.
Very nice.
Best pajamas I have tried so far...and I have tried many!!!
They wash great and the cotton is extreamly soft and comfortable.:-)
they feel great.
they look great.
they are warm.
they go all the way up to the hilt without pulling back down.
nice!
The pair I had before has worn well, this pair seems to be made out of nice thick cloth, hopefully they will serve me as well
Love this sweater.
It's warm and comfortable and form fitting.
Looks great with jeans or something dressier.
Only bad thing is the fuzz balls accumulating under the arms.
Very nice clutch wristlet.
Holds my new Note II and other needed items.
The color is very nice as well.
The jeans look good and feel great.
They are much better than other lined jeans that I've had.
The quality and attention to detail are outstanding.
I definitely would buy them again.
Very lightweight.
Fine for &#34;normal&#34; rain.
One con: no elastic on sleeves (velcro closure though).
Good deal for the price.
Have bought many hats similar to this over the years, and this one is absolutely outstanding.
Very warm, thick material--what I expected from a workmans brand like carhartt
My daughter is just into a 4T in most clothes and this was huge on her.
Especially the neck opening, so big it kept falling off one shoulder.
But she loved the &#34;pretty dress&#34; and looked adorable in it.
It works, it keeps me warm, and is a nice conversation piece.However, it was loose on me and made it difficult to wear under a winter jacket.
I usually wear a Medium Eddie Bauer fleece which is slimmer and fits me better.
I think a Small would have fit me better but that size was not available at time of purchase.
I'm 5'9 - 155lbs
I bought this to take on some trips with me.
It is small, but serves the purpose that I wanted it for.
I just needed something to carry my license and some money in when I don't want to carry a bigger purse.
really good cut .....great for summer this my third purchase for the same jean 508 I recommend it very much
The ankle fit is just the right cut.
I like the black obviously to not show dirt.
I highly recommend.
These are good staple item.
The quality is acceptable.
I think the Fruit of the Loom tees I bought at the same time are a better quality and have held their shape better.
In regard to sizing... my son wears size 5T in most every other shirt and these fit perfectly.
I got these for bike commuting in the deep snow.
Overall the pants are great.
Storage is good.
Fit is good.
I'm black and usually there is no butt in athletic pants, but these fit well.
I would love to add a Velcro strap to taper the bottoms more so that the chain side leg doesn't get caught.
Other than that these are a good buy.
This was the perfect choice for neck protection under his hockey shirt!
It fit well, was comfortable around the neck and allowed for ease of movement.We'll be ordering a new one for next hockey season!
Delivered on time, no issues with product.
Shorts run very small.
My daughter usually wears a 12, ordered them in larger and still do not fit.
Really cute, but not true to size
I was trying to figure out what gear to get for a Mount Washington winter summit attempt.
I was buying all the equipment for our group of 3 (from mountaineering shoes to cramp-ons and pick axe), so I tried my best to balance quality and price.
This item matched exactly what I was looking for.The first attempt ended up in failure.
Complete white out and 100 MPH winds.
Temperatures were hitting 15 below with the ridiculous wind chill.
The second time we finally summitted with tons of snow and 50-60 MPH winds.
In addition to be being extremely comfortable, the pants kept us all dry, warm, and toasty the entire time.For those who are curious, my other layers were Arctix Classic Series snow pants, synthetic EMS hiking pants, and DuoFold bottoms.
If you have strong layers, I would highly recommend this item for short mountaineering trips in extreme weather.
These are the first pair of jeans I've ever purchased with which I have no qualms.
My suspicion about the waist running a little big seems to merely be a personal fit issue.
I love the Cold Press color, and I now truly consider this particular pair to be &#34;my&#34; jeans.
Not to mention the cheaper Amazon price and free returns for those who may not feel so similarly.
Go ahead and get a pair!
(No pun intended.)
I ordered this outfit and loved the look, BUT there was a hole in the shirt at the collar AND when I went to put the pants on my daughter the button on the inside to make the pants tighter came off THE FIRST time I tried them on for size.
It was SO disappointing but I don't want to return the items for the hassel.
I have this beautiful suit.
It is comfortable and wears very well.
It received lots of compliments.
Very feminine, sophisticated, and classy.
Best worn on reasonably warm or cool days or nights because of the lining.I highly recommend this item.
I got these because I have almost worn holes in my other yoga pants.
They are SO comfortable for around the house.
I got a size small (normally wear size 4) and they fit perfectly.
I don't go to the gym or use them as yoga pants but they are my #1 choice when wanting to wear lounge pants.
I really like these sports bras compared to the ones for women because they do not come up as high on the chest.
For those of us who are not well endowed, this can pose a problem under tops.
I do not want my sports bra showing when i wear anything that isn't crew neck.
These will solve that problem, but they do run a bit small.
The reason I gave these 4 stars is not because the product is of poor quality.
I am just annoyed that I have to buy 4 colors that I don't want just to get the black one that I do want.
I end up buying 3 packages of 5 to get 3 bras... It is such a waste and I do not understand why they can't diversify their color options...  If these or the other set with the white and pastel colors are what you are looking for, you are all set!
Just remember to buy a size larger.
These pants area a very high quality item.
.
They are soft but also tough.
.
They fit true to size they do hug your lower leg but they are meant to.
.
They also look great.
.
They say you get what you pay for, in this case it was very true, this item by no means can honestly be referred to as a purse of any kind it barely does justice as a wallet.
Most of the items I've purchased online have been more than what I expected as to good quality for a fair price & in most cases I've gotten better quality for a better price.
I love the color and the durability of the wallet.
Plenty of space and extra compartments for coins.
My son enjoys his wallet.
I would have bought several items by now if they only had provided sizing info.
The merchants sizing info link goes to a blank page that says you should contact the seller for sizing info.If only amazon sellers knew the sales they lose because sizing info is not included in their merchant information.Other merchants who lost sales today besides the sellers of Please Mum clothing includeclassic closeouts andMacyscongratulations to Target and Childrens Place for including this necessary info.I paid MORE because I knew what size i was ordering.
Please note that small, medium and large is not enough info.
There are toddler, little girl, girl, junior and women sizes that use those descriptions and thats just the female population.
Such a cute outfit.
Fits perfectly.
Very adorable on my daughter.
I bought the other color too :) :) :)
Eastern Europe has suffered through its coldest winter in decades this year.
When I decided at the last minute to take on a project in Ukraine, I looked at weather reports, watched news reports about snow-stranded towns and hundreds dead, and decided that going to Ukraine was a stupid idea.
Then I found that people were counting on me and my stupid sense of obligation kicked in, so I hurried to Amazon to look for something to get me through temperatures arround zero Fahrenheit (that was the high my first day here).
Under Armour top, Under Armour bottom, Under Armour socks, a sweatshirt, and an overcoat, and I've been comfortably warm.
I've gone out on days so cold I couldn't move my lips to talk after a couple of minutes, the pain in my head and ears (even with a hat) was excruciating, my camera was fused to my face by freezing tears, but from the neck down, I was perfectly comfortable even after a couple of hours outside.
I go in a nice warm restaurant, take off the overcoat, and I don't overheat.
The shirt moves with me, doesn't feel binding (though it is skin tight), doesn't feel bulky.
It's amazing.Now temperatures are warming (40 degrees today) and I'm getting ready to go home to Louisiana (and maybe get some reconstructive surgery on my face, maybe a couple of new ears), but I'm keeping the Under Armour in case I ever do something this stupid again.
And I don't care if they think I'm a terrorist or a bank robber and shoot me in the street, next time I'm wearing the Under Armour balaclava.
Nice material, great fit - a definitely good purchase.
They do run a LITTLE long, but other than that I love 'em
It's good but it smells wired like some one use it as towel after he done 10 hours exercise.
a
My daughter looks absolutely wonderful in this dress.
It is true to size.
Great for casual outings in the summer time.
so i needed summer clothes for the summer so i bought 2 the best thing i bought.
i wore these overalls all summer with tank tops and shirts.
These fit great.
I originally ordered my actual size, but they were too big, so ordered one size smaller.
They are comfortable, fit well, wash and dry well, and can be dressed up or down.
I love them and plan to buy them in more colors.
Theses pants fit great for the first few washes, but become overly stretchy with time.
They are thin and you get what you pay for.
Not skinny jeans, but tapered at ankle so you can wear with vans - quincy is the standard blue - great pair of jeans
These are padded on the bottom, heels, and toes, and vented for air on the top of the foot.
A solid quality product at a reasonable price - I wear them all the time for running, spinning, step class.
If you're looking for a very soft cotton sock, then this is not going to work for you - they are more of an athletic-type cotton.
The grey color is a little ugly but it doesn't really matter.
Que pantalones tan extraordinarios, los recomiendo con toda la confianza y los precios son increible, la vardad vale la pena comprarlos....
I ordered this jacket very excited to receive it.
When it arrived, I was a bit shocked about it.
It is quite thin; like a very thick Ralph Lauren shirt.
I would put it as a late spring, early summer jacket.
Maybe even a morning coat in the summer, but I live in Minn.
Also, this is the largest warning; THIS COAT RUNS LARGE!
I ordered the medium (I am in the category that can wear both medium and small) because there was a sale and I only paid $60 for it.
The coat swallowed me.
And not in warmth either as I said it is very thin.
Luckily my father is Large and the medium fit him perfectly.So my rating of the coat is three stars because I got a good deal, the coat is very high quality, and it fit my father perfectly.
The two stars off were because it was too thin and too large for me.
I would call this a sweater, and not a jacket.
It does have the full front zip, but it's thinner than a jacket in my opinion.
Despite being thin it is quite warm, perfect for cool fall weather.
It's also great as a layering piece since it's not bulky.
I absolutely love it.
I've had it for at least 3 years now, and it still looks brand new.
I wear it all the time in the fall and spring, and it's incredibly comfortable, and I get lots of compliments on it.
I found it ran true to size.
Great for young girls.
It was a gift for my bigger nice and she liked it a lot, specially the bright color that she found original for Aeropostale.
I recommendt it!
It is good but the size was totally different, the quality is rather good but I bought XS for my 9 year old boy, so I was mistaken.
Only because of size I rated this product with 3 stars :)
This was what they said it'd be and it work well.
It is a heaver towel that most beach towels but the elastic is strong enough to hold it up easilyThe pocket works great for all those things you need to carry with you when you're in just a towel or by the pool.
After a few washes the shirts got really soft.
So maybe I WILL buy some more.
I would recommend washing them a few times before wearing themUpdate 01/18/14.
ok here's my update.
I have already ordered another pack,the first pack has now had several washes and have gotten much softer
Cute, warm and awesome.
I love Halo!
My first needed the cotton because he was always hot.
This baby is always cold, and the fleece is wonderful.
Simple, cute, and comfy.Bought this little number for the wife.
She wears it to bed and tosses and turns and it stays put.
Easy to clean and soft to touch.
The picture does it well too color is spot on.She wont be disappointed.
I am very impressed with this darling set!
I got it for my 2year old granddaughter.
It is very well made, and the jacket is adorable!
(which is what it says on it!)
The jacket has some substance to it, too so it will be nice for fall or cooler weather.
Excellent quality for the price.
i bought this vest set for my son to wear to my wedding.
it came on time, fit well and my son looked great in it.
its worth every penny and way cheaper than renting...and the huge plus is he can wear it to other formal functions/parties for future uses.
It took me awhile but once I got the nose piece adjusted correctly everything was perfect.
I like the flexible lens, it feels a lot more comfortable against my faces than other lens.
I wouldn't recommend this for driving, for that I'd recommend serengeti glasses, but for everything else this is my go to glasses.
The only downside is it doesn't look as stylish as my oakley, serengeti or even my cheaper suncloud sunglasses.
The huge lens and narrow bridge gives it a less than flattering look.
My only disappointment was that the shipping company did not offer "free" shipping; however, the product arrived well ahead of the expected delivery date.I added these UA 3.0 bottoms as a compliment to the 3.0 top purchased a bit earlier.Far exceeded my expectations of what I could have imagined with regards to warmth!You get what you pay for!To date, there is no comparison between this product and those cheap thermals which everybody buys at their local Kmart.I fish the Atlantic Ocean during both summer and winter, and for once, I can say that it actually feels warm out there in January, regardless of how low the  thermometer is reading!
I was very pleased with the quality of this product.
It works very well.
I have been using it for awhile now and it has held up very well.
I would highly recommend this product.
The socks are supposed to be extra small, they are too big and will not stay up.
They do have excellent customer service.
This is a very good deal--the jacket is well made and the leather is flawless.
My only consideration is that Scully makes many of its' jackets in India and this one is made in China--but I think the skins are American--at least that is what one of their reps told me.
The price is right and the style is classic.
UA black polo, love the material, quick to dry, easy to wash, very comfortable to wear.
I wear this as part of my work uniform and even out and about!
I LOVE these pants.
They are rugged and outdoorsy, but stylish enough to wear to work.
They have just a touch of stretch which makes them so comfortable.
My one caution is that thy are slightly noisey.
These jeans are not the best I have worn, but I am fairly happy with the purchase.
I don't like how it sits below the waist and hangs on the hip, though.
I picked the waist size of a snug and comfy jeans that I currently wear and it is SO loose around my waist.
I can pull it several inches from my belly, although it is rated the same waist size.However, I like it with a belt.
It's very comfortable, although not exceptionally soft and cozy or anything.
It seems that these jeans will stand the test of time and rough use.
I got these pants a couple of days ago primarily for hiking, but yesterday I wore them to walk the dog in the rain, thinking that the light material would be a benefit against the humidity.
I didn't know these pants were also water-resistant, and boy was I pleasantly surprised!
They were light (didn't stick to my skin), kept the rain off (keep in mind they're resistant, not proof, so if you're gonna stand in a downpour, yes they will soak), and were comfortable to wear all day long.
Extra bonus: there's a drawcord inside to make the waist more fitted, an excellent plus since I tend to lose a few pounds over the summer, and the cut is very nice.
In terms of size, I went by other reviewers' advice and ordered a size down, and it was a perfect, comfortable fit for me.
To give a better idea, if you're a size 8 but depending on the brand, a size 6 can even work for you, go with the 6.
If you're an 8 but pants in this size fit you perfectly without more than a 1/2 inch room, stick with the 8.
Hope the review helps!
I LOVE THIS OUTFIT.
SO CUTE AND EASY TO BUY.
WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR CARS CLOTHING FOR TODDLERS
I love the shorts.
I wore them the first day I got them.
I was at the beach for five hours and was swimming for the majority of the time.
By the end of the day there was a small two inch rip in the base of the crotch area that connected the two leg pieces.
It was easily resown but the material was poorly stitched in that area.
They come just as shown though.
Would buy again.
I haven't had my child yet, so have not used the product.
But it is very cute and extremely soft.
Can't wait to bring home our new little one in the outfit!
This product is great!
It looks exactly as it does on the pictures, and I love the material - it's so soft.
And another thing, I got it much earlier than the expected delivery!
I would definitely buy from Intimates21 again!
I ordered these for a friend who was having surgery and they arrived just in time.
He said they were very comfortable and the socks were a nice bonus.
I am very happy with the shirts.
It did take longer than I expected to receive them, but I am happy with them.
I just wish they had these same shirts in women's sizes, because they are just a little to big for me, but with a little alterations, I made them useful.
I like the tapered look.
I have been looking for jeans with this fit.
The legs fit very well.
The waist is on the large side.
The waist is about one to two sizes too big.
However, it's not a deal breaker.
A belt corrects that issue.
I have ordered 3 pair of different colors.
One thing though, the material is a little on the thin light side.
Again, it's not a deal breaker.
I would recommend these jeans.
is a fun purse for little girl my nice is just 5 and so she stop playing with her moms purses i bought it for her.
she love it and is fun and pretty and shiny purse for summer.
off course stephen joseph makes great things.
I was looking for something that traveled well and was more then pleased with this classic looking outfit.
I like the non-wrinkle fabric along with the feel of how it drapes.
The pants are too long and need to be shortened but the rest of it fit perfectly.
It's also slimming for large busted women and the shell top had a good neck line.
I have already a pair of levi's 508.
But the jean I get it's like  a waterproof jean, the material it's not jean but kind of plastic-jean.
Very cute on.
Bought it for a holiday program and she was the belle of the ball!!!
Great quality too!
This dress fell apart.
Many of the flowers unraveled as well as the hem the first time my daughter wore it.
When I washed it, even more flowers unraveled.
It was pretty, though, before that, and also comfortable to wear.
My daughter hates anything itchy at this age.
My daughter loves this charm.
The only thing is that it is a deep pink and not red.
Very cute charm for little girls.
This is a cute little outfit for the Holidays.
Jacket is very soft as well as the pants.
They have a nice velvety feel to them.
Well made, I have not washed it yet however, so I'm not sure how it will hold up there.
I wouldn't put it in the dryer.
Over all very satisfied.
I will say the pants are more light gray then the picture which personally I like better.
I bought it to use in my wedding day and I loved it!
It is so beautiful and so cheap!
I'm very happy!
We were going to see Sesame Street Live and my toddler needed something to wear.
I ordered this on a whim and I'm so glad I did.
It's WONDERFULLY made and so comfy.
My little girl looks like a million bucks in it and she really looks like a actual cheerleader.
We got so many, many compliments at the event and my daughter wants to wear it NON-STOP.
Really, it's turned out to be a good investment.I would buy it again in a heartbeat.
I may even buy the Abby one too...
Cheap, fine jeans that fit very well.
I expected bit more stylish and higher quality jeans, but for this price it is quite a good bargain.
It's difficult finding age-appropriate clothing that is liked by a 9 year old...this fits the bill!
The outfit is modern enough that Abby likes it a lot and with the leggings is modest enough for Mom to like it too.
Auntie (that's me) scored with this birthday present.
It's a cute dress that can be worn to school or church or out shopping.
Mom also appreciated that it's well-made and is an easy-care outfit.
This is a cute wearable blanket that is perfect for the cool winter nights.
I bought this one and one with puppies.
He wears this one every other evening.
It gives me good piece of mind that he doesn't have to use a blanket in his crib.
Money well spent.
Victorinox products are relatively expensive, but of very high quality, and this tri-fold wallet is a good case in point.It is strikingly handsome, made of a very supple, fine-grained leather.
The stitching is straight and precise.
The liner is made of a very fine, soft cloth.
The whole piece just exudes quality and fine craftsmanship, and the photos of it don't do it justice.Functionally, the Athens has space under the six card pockets for more cards, as well as two separate currency compartments.
You will not be able to carry photos or a dozen store discount cards, but I think it's perfectly adequate for most men.
To allow for the wallet to increase in thickness when loaded with cards and cash, the leather on its outside is longer...very clever!The only negative aspect of the Athens is that the mesh-covered compartment for one's identification is sized for European IDs; an American driver's license will be a loose fit, and one has to be careful not to let it drop out of that compartment when opening the wallet.
I have a clear plastic sleeve for my driver's license from an older Victorinox wallet, which enables my license to fit snugly into the Athens, so that is not a problem for me, but buyers should be aware of that one issue.In sum, I would say that while the Athens is expensive, it is well worth the cost.
I love these shirts.
I am a large belly guy with a waist of 44&#34; and 5'11&#34; tall.
The XXL fits me perfectly hangs loose to make me comfortable.
I have ordered 2 more since this one.
They look great, yes a little expensive, but you get what you pay for.
Size up more than usual.
prepare for exchangesIt's so cute though.
Looks very pretty on the right girl, y'know
I bought this for my son for football because I was tired of keeping track of pads.
I love that I can just throw the whole thing in the washing machine and be done with it.
nice I immediately bought two more pairs after these arrived immediately bought two more pairs after these arrivedI immediatley bought two more pairs after these arrived
This is my second pair of prAna Halle pants.
I have a pair in green and bought a second in Grave (gray) because I love my first pair so much and I was concerned that prAna would stop making these now that there is a newer style (which doesn't fit me as well).
I have a smaller waist and wider hips/butt and the 4 in these fits me great, though I am usually a 6 in pants.
Purchased them originally for my Grand Canyon hiking trip, and they were perfect for that use; probably the most comfortable pants I own outside of pajamas.
They breathe, dry super fast, and move with you in a way no other pants do.
I tend to have sensitive skin (tags, seams etc. tend to bother me a lot), but there are no points that rub or get uncomfortable on these pants.
I get tons of compliments on them and several hiking buddies have teased me that they are too cute to hike in - they are quite stylish for hiking pants.
I am looking forward to using them as travel pants on my next trip anywhere - they are so versatile and comfortable I won't be going anywhere without them anytime soon.
Highly recommend!
I may buy a third pair.
Very cut outfit.
They run small and I returned the size 2 T for a 4T.
Complete outfit !
Very sassy!
My grand daughter age 3 LOVES this outfit!!!
I'm writing this three years after the purchase.
This hoodie has become my favorite.
It's comfy, edgy, and reflects my personality!
But after three years, I've had to mend the pockets a few times.
Guess it's time for a new one this year!
:(
Item fit well.
The description of the color given 'birch' gave me the impression they would be white, but they are actually a light gray.
No problem, they were worn under a Halloween costume for a little ghost.
This shirt caught my eye in a department store and I immediately wanted it.
Unfortunately they were out of it in my size.
I right away thought of Amazon.
Of course they had it!
I ordered it and it arrived quickly, well packaged and precisely what I wanted!
(And it was cheaper, even with the shipping cost added, than the price in the retail store.)
In the summer, it gets hot where I at.
I can wrap myself up and enjoy the day.
Properly warn, no one can complain about the view you offer and the cool air that circulates as you walk helps keep you comfortable.Bigger is not always better when sizing... If you get it to big, there is lots to wrap around yourself.Then again, I've learned how to fold even pleats in the front/rear, which makes it a little dresser when out and about.Enjoy!
Let's face it, some of the things we ladies wear are not conducive to wearing a holster.
I bought 2 of these Roma CCW gun bags just because a woman needs more than one.
It's beautifully sewn, lovely leather, great accents, and with its compartments, organizes everything better than my non-carry bags.
Highly recommend this brand.
Also, both arrived on time, well packaged.
I used the sizing chart and it's still small for me.
The tie in front sits higher than what the picture shows and it's hard to fit my bust!
Got these to replace others that are worn out.
The fit is ok, the length is good, but the material is pretty thin.
This is an adorable little purse for any butterfly lover in your house.
I bought this for my 5-year-old niece and she loved it.
The fleece SleepSack is a good choice for fall and for spring.
I found that my baby needed something with sleeves for winter, so I use Carters wearable blankets with sleeves for the coldest months.
The sizes are crazy.
The fits like its a 14/16 when it's actually suppose to be a 10/12.
I bought these for my daughter and they were a little small on her because I bought a size smaller.
These pants are cute, comfortable, breathable, and fitting but they are extremely long!
You may have to get them hemmed, but they are cheap!
I have a hard time finding good PJ pants.
The fact that I can also use these to work out in, is great.
They're comfortable and look a million times cuter than I thought they would.
Really surprised by and happy with the purchase.
The fabric breathes and doesn't cause me to overheat.
I was looking for inexpensive pants for working out and this does fit that expectation.
The quality of the pant is only average, but considering the price of the pants, I wasn't expecting more than I received.
The waist is fairly loose fitting as the material does not have a lot of elasticity to it.
I will also add that I do like the length of the pants.
I'm only 5' 6&#34;, but with fairly long legs and most pants end up around my ankles, but the length fit well.
I have only had about a week so I will update once I have a better feel for how they hold up after several wear / washes.
I ordered my second pair and I love love them!
They are so comfortable and flattering.
I am 5'11&#34; and 154 with a pretty muscular build and size medium is perfect.
I wear a size 8 in jeans.
With my height it's hard to find yoga type pants long enough and these are perfect.
Just fyi when I wash them I dry them because I don't want them to shrink it length.
Before I lay them flat to dry I stretch out the length real good so they stay nice and long on me.
I'm an average sized woman - and these pants have the strangest looking front crotch of anything I've ever tried on.
I'm sorry to say I had to return them because they were very comfortable - but I couldn't wear them outside.
This year, the girls at my daughter's school decided pants and shorts were preferable to jumpers.
They decided this after all the stores got rid of their uniform shorts, of course.
Found these on Amazon, and decided to go for it.
They wash nicely, they have an adjustable waist, (Very important for us) and the belt is cute.
Took off one star because the little button wont' stay buttoned on one leg.
Doesn't bother my daughter, but a little annoying.
Ordered these pants for my wife.
They are so thin you can see through them.
We had to return them.
NOT AS IT SEEMS.
TERRIBLE MATERIAL.
Picture is not the same as the product recieved!
It didn't have the turtle neck -like- thing.
and felt like it was made out of Styrofoam.
They loosen up quite a bit when you're wearing them, however they are a great shade of brown and very comfortable...wish they kept they're form a little better
My daughter wouldn't even try them on and I found the material stiff and "non-breathable".
We are returning them.
We liked another product better from Norby's Dept Store in NC - they are called "under-dresses" and are made out of better cotton blend material with a little built in crotch.
More McFarlane Trent Green Red Jersey Have White Jersey Must Have Two In Red To Open One And Display
I purchase several  of these shirts after experiencing good success with a similar product, a hat.
I wore these shirts day after day working  outside in the heat.
After several days of sweating, I developed a rash.
It took about two weeks for the rash to heal.
I have wore the shirts since, but never in succession, haven't had a problem.
At full price this item is a litle expensive, but you do get a good quality warm up jacket.
I got mine on sale for a very good price and I love it.
It has a nice vented slot in the back and is light enough for warmer weather yet works great in cooler temps too.
Another great mizuno product minues the slight increase in price.
The product is of excellent quality.
Comfortable to wear, very nice.
The leather is of very good quality.
Great design.
I recommend it.
So I really love these pants.
They are great for lounging around the house or wearing about if I feel brave.
The price could not be beat, and you definitely get what you pay for.
Here are the pro's and con's:Pro's:-very soft-deep beautiful heather grey color-stretchy and comfortable-nice fold-down piece at the waist to cover any muffin top or VPL (visible pantie line)Con's:-a couple of inches too long (I'm 5'6" and ordered a medium)-if your thighs touch (like mine) then the material there will pill slightly after a couple of uses-can't wash too often or they will start to wearAfter I received these in the mail, I considered buying two or three more pairs just because they are so fantastic and inexpensive, but they have lasted me months thus far, so I will buy more when needed!Would highly recommend to anybody looking for comfortable stretchy pants, and I would not think twice about buying these as a gift for any woman, any shape and size.
Thought this was so cute so I purchased it for my 4 year old for Christmas.
She loves it, but after wearing it twice, and I did not put the sweater in the dryer, I found that where the sweater is attached to the layer sleeve, had ripped, as if it had not been sewn properly.
I will sew it back togehter myself and it should be good as new.Overall, it is a really cute outfit, just not the best quality.
I bought this outfit for my grandson and his eyes lit up when he saw it.
The pants and jacketbare rugged and should hold up well.
Good purchase!
I've purchased quite a few from different vendors and so my thought were really cheap and there's a certain brand I'm looking for that I bought probably a year ago that I haven't been able to find .
These jeans are absolutely my favorite!
I now have two pairs, in both colors, and wear them at least once a week!
Warning, they do run a bit big, especially in the waist.
I am typically a size 4, with a tiny waist and large legs, but the size 4 were falling off of my butt and not too tight in the legs.
So I sent them back and got the size 2 in both colors and they fit a little on the tighter side but not too tight or too loose.
They are the most comfortable Prana jeans I own!
Nice pants for almost any situation,fabric feels very soft and i like that, it was shipped quickly which i like too.
The only bad thing is that the color differs a little bit from the one on the picture...it is not as shiny as it is on the picture.
hello is beautiful, two piece, the material is good, the colors and the size is the correct.i love good knit pullover
The material and fit is great.
I wore them on a 3-day camping trip with wool liners beneath and could not have been more comfortable.My only recommendation would be to increase the size of the zippered leg pocket so allow a cell phone to fit there, and / or add zippers to the other pockets to ensure nothing is lost.Great product!
I see more prAna in my future.
The girl in the picture must be under 5 feet.
I'm 5'4, 110 pounds, and the dress barely covers my cheeks, ha.
Plus, it would have scored higher if it came with a matching bra.
The terry bath wrap from Bathrobes Online was exactly what I was looking for.
Its generously sized and constructed of heavy, absorbent terry cloth with a large pocket and strong velcro closure.Bathrobes Online was super in exchanging the wrap they originally shipped, which unfortunately had a fabric flaw.
The replacement was perfect.
They get high marks for prompt and responsive customer service.
I don't mind the design/quality of these, but that aren't for a 5'2&#34; person.
Unfortunately that are at least 3 inches too long.
I will either cut them, or pin them up.
Not worth paying $ to ship them back.
They fit as expected (true to size), but are terribly long.
The sizing is accurate and the pants are well made.
This company offers many color choices.
The yoga pants are long, some might not like that but for me they're perfect.
I have and love lots of beanies.
This one has one defining quality.
It is by far the warmest of any beanie I own (we're talking like 40 different beanies, lots of them carhartt).
The fit is full enough for the biggest noggin (mine) and whatever wear style you want such as above ear, mid ear, or over ear.
If I were sent out with a choice of one beanie this is the one.
It is a beautiful tuxedo.
The seller get 5 stars from me.
He was very helpful and made sure my son received the tuxedo in time for the prom.
Very very nice man.
This lightweight waterproof jacket is perfect for tropical weather.
For light showers or seasonal rainy periods, this jacket protects from water and keeps you relatively cool.
I purchased this set for my grandaughter for Christmas.
It looked so cute online and was even better when I received it.
It is very good quality material and I know she will look adorable in it.
It arrived very quickly and in good condition too.
This nighty is lovely, even if the pink is lighter than shown.
My problem is that A) I did not know that the cups were mesh as well and B)The cups don't...cup.
Maybe If I lose a cup size or so I could properly wear it, but as of now the pretty cups are on top of my bosom.
Would still recommend to B-cup size ladies or smaller.
I ordered this because my daughter is crazy about horses and I wanted some cute horse outfits for Christmas.
The outfit(s) are absolutely beautiful.
For that reason I might give it another HALF star.
Why the two stars?Two things:1.
the size runs REALLY small.
I ordered a size 4 (My daughter is on the upper side of size 3)and the shirt stretches across her chest in the worst of ways.
She couldn't part with it so, I'm stuck with physically pulling the fabric as best I can so she can wear it.
No good.2.
If you accidentally wash the bottom part without turning it inside-out, it instantly looks like an old thrift store garment.
Insult to injury.So, would I recommend it?
Maybe with a serious heads up.
But, probably not given my experience.
My wife loved these pants, she wears them weekly if not more.
She's a fan of comfortable pants for home life - kids to chase, gotta be flexible - and these work.
They are a little thin but not rediculiosly thin like I feared they would be.
They are actually really cute.
For the price I was happy with the purchase.
I purchased a very similar product (in black) at the same time from another supplier which cost more and were thinner than these.
The photo also worried me that they looked so 'low rise', but they are not.
For me, the fold down was optional enough.
They are kind of long but they are working for me fine and at 5'4&#34; I am not very tall but I do have long legs for someone as short as me.
(I usually buy regular length pants, not short/petitite).
My daughter loves this dress, it's just too bad the skirt doesn't hold up.
If the skirt hadn't ripped after a couple of washes, I would give this 5 stars.
Disappointed...
This is my second time ordering yoga pants from here and I love them.
They fit just right.
Love the material.
Better than the ones I buy from Walmart & Target.
Will order my next pair from here again.
The quality of the materials isn't what I had expected given the brand name.
Not sure if this item is the real deal.The cherry sweater also had a small tear.
Nothing that a little needle work can't handle but this item is supposed to be brand new.
My boyfriend was so happy I bought these for him and are great since it is now becoming bitter cold here.
My first overall impression with the coin purse, which I bought for a gift for my sister, is that that wow, this thing is small, the zippered mouth part is about 1.5"-2", it just seems like it would be too small to be a real functional item for a girl to carry change in her purse with.
The overall construction is great and it looks like it will be very durable, the sewn edges are well made and the zipper, albeit small, works very good, the yarn at the top is kinda cheap looking and looks as though it would be the only part of this CP that would fall off or become frayed.
it was not expensive and it is another great piece for a sock monkey collection.
To Whom It May Concern:RE: 105-524-8542-5052222Unfortunately, I am unable to rate your products.
I ordered  2 suits size 18 for my twin sons on March 21,2008, I received one suit and it was two small.
I called and spoke with Nathan Jacobi on March 31,2008 to let him know that I was returning the one suit that I did receive for a size 20.
Per Nathan Jacobi, once I told him that I did not receive the second suit he will make sure that I do not receive the second suit it and I should return the first suit and once that is received Nathan will sent me both suit size 20.
To my surprise I did receive the second suit size 18 on April 1,2008 and I had to return both suits on April 1,2008 and was charged $12.30.
UPS expected delivery date was Monday, April 7, 2008 tracking number 1Z010X360330864493.
Now, it is May 2, 2008 and I have not yet received my 2 suits size 20.
I am very disappointed with the length of time it takes to receive returned items.At first I was very excited when I came upon your website, having 2 sons, actually 3 sons and being a spiritually family to see such suits that are of such quality, I just  knew I no longer wanted to buy my son' suits anywhere else.I would like my order as soon as possible.
We have several spiritually events coming up this summer and I would like to receive my order all at once.
Please don't misunderstand, I know  at times there can/will be delays.
However, this is now a little over a month and my sons are suit less.I was really looking forward in placing more orders with you.Cheryl Bennett
the picture makes it seem as though this shirt would at least hit your waist, I am 5'2'' and this shirt hits me ABOVE my belly button!
It is ugly!
It seems like it is cut for a little girl, not women.
Sending it back (with another Full Tilt shirt I ordered that was wayyy too short)!
Good shirt, nice and cool fit.
Great for the Hot outdoors wear.I would Buy this type of shirt again.
Like it.
Evidentially Fila runs very, very small.
We bought a size larger than my grandson usually wears and both the shirt and shorts were much too small.
We gifted them to a friend's 3-year old.
Good quality though.
The pants r very comfy and the sizing/fit was spot on but the quality leaves much to be desired...mine ripped abt a quarter size hole right at the hip on my very first wear.
Adorable!
My son's still to little to wear this, but when I saw it I had to get it for him!
This is the best bag I've ever owned, and I just love it.
The leather is soft and it has the perfect number of compartments for my use.
I would use this bag even if I didn't have a gun to carry.
The weapon compartment on the side is so well camouflaged that my friends were quite surprised when I showed it to them.
The compartment can be locked, but I don't lock it because my bag is always with me when I'm out.
Having it locked would be a handicap if, heaven forbid, I should ever need to draw my weapon.
I highly recommend this concealed carry bag, and for the price, it's a great bargain.
A change of scenery required a changed of clothes, i have always loved levi's jeans, not too big on their shirts, they can keep em, but the jeans, with a nice belt, some smell good, and nice kicks, your in the money now!
When it arrived, the white top had red coloring all over it as if it had come off some other clothing.
Amazon were great and gladly exchanged it.
The replacement was just as bad, so I returned that also....shame, as the design itself is really cool.
I love these.
They washed up nicely with no shrinking.
Sizing seems to run small; I ordered a small for my smaller-side-of-average 3.5 year-old and they're perfect (small says 4-5 yrs).
The knee patches line up correctly,are of high-quality material and are well-sewn.
She looks adorable and we've gotten many compliments.
I did not give 5 stars only because I found them a bit pricey especially for an import (made in Korea).
Despite high price I'm considering a pair for my older daughter too.
Love the knee patches!
Purchased these particular tees based on all the positive reviews and maybe there was something mentioned about how they fit and I just missed it....however I was truly disappointed.
I ordered the Large size and they could have easily been mistaken for XL.
I ran the shirts in the washer/dryer to shrink and of course they don't.
I order 2 pairs of them, and once they arrived I immediately noticed the fabrics poor quality, terrible style and weird size, so I sent them back.
Seller never replied to my messages.
The experience was frustrating and disappointing.
Never buy from them anymore.
I bought this one in size medium, but it was much more smaller than what I thought.
I guess the size L would be fine.
This is the third outfit that I have purchased in the last 6 months from Nautical and I can say they are well made clothes and I will continue to purchase these outfits in the future when they are offered
Its a very cheaply made piece of clothing.
The fabric has zero stretch and the buttons and zipper are both ugly plastic.
The sizing is very off, I ordered a small and got an XXL.
I was told the county sizing was different but it was still massive on me.
The picture is very deceptive, it looks fashionable and well fitting when it is neither of those things.
One think i must say though is that the seller was fast to respond and very easy to work with regarding a return/refund.
Sanrio clothing always runs a bit small.
This holds true for the shirt in this outfit.
My daughter loved this set and she looked amazing in it.
These little suits from Paperdoll were priced right and they fit my 3 year old daughter well.
Liked the attachment of the tights to the skirt.
I own three of these now.
They are unbeatable for travel: wash 'em in the sink, hang, you're done.
Ironing is never necessary.
I love the zipped-up pocket on the side, handy, secure, and never obvious.
Every Royal Robbins product I've bought has been a winner.
Ordered it for my son and I must admit it is pretty cool.
Made it through a couple washes also just fine.
Gave this Leather Concealment Purse as a birthday gift.
My daughter loved it!
Just the right size, easy access to holster, and roomy inside!
AND it's genuine leather!
As a guy who lifts I was suggested these.
I'm 5'5&#34;155 lbs with 22&#34; inch thighs and 30 inch measured waist.
I lift 5 days a week and I'm a little meatier for a person my size.I ordered my usual size of 29 x 30.
When they arrived they measured 32&#34; at the waist but only 21&#34; at the thighs and around 7&#34; at the leg opening.
It is a little tight on the thighs for me but has sufficient stretch to accommodate my thighs.
It is really loose for me at the waist but I couldn't size down anymore because the thighs were tight enough already.
Also the butt area didn't really fit well enough and caused a little &#34;diaper sag&#34; but it's not too bad.Overalls I decided to keep them because I couldn't find any and these fit my budget.
I thought there could felt a little better but I really don't have many choices due to my thighs.
You can't go wrong with a Carhartt watch hat.
I really like the ribbed knit, the heather maroon color, and the fit.
Great hat and perfect for fall, winter, & spring weather in Chicago.
These are comfy and fit well.
A nicer version of "sweats" to relax in.
I got these for me and the black ones for my daughter, & we were both very pleased.
I am pleased with this item and seller.
The pants were true to size (they were a bit long, but not enough to be bothersome), soft, and comfortable.
After a workout, they give a little/stretch, but this is not a negative to me.
I've enjoyed them so much I just purchased a second pair.
I have looked high and low for a lightly padded AA bra for my tween.
Kohls used to sell a Lily of France AA & AAA bra that was very lightly padded and perfect for just the coverage and protection my little one needed.
However, they no longer carry this line nor can I find it online anywhere.
All the stores are overly stocked with the PRETTY thickly padded/wired push up bra so to speak.
My daughter is in no need for those kind of bras.
What mother would want to subject their daughter to wear a bra that makes her look twice her breast size.
It's ridiculous and very frustrating.
The t-shirt/jockey material bras are okay, but there is absolutely no padding at all for the protection needed for a maturing girl experiencing the tenderness that comes with the maturing/growing stage.
This bra however is the closest I have come to the Lily of France line.
It's a little more padded than the Lily of France bra, but no where near the over padded thickness of all the other bras available in the stores.
My daughter loves it.
She said it feels like it was made just for her.
I ordered 2 and will definitely be ordering many more.
It's a nice emsemble for my one year old.
But my baby is stocky and the pants were very stiff.There is no elastic in the waist band.
I had a hard time putting them through his thighs.Overall very nice going out outfit.
What can I say... It is a Sock Monkey who can give a bad review on a sock monkey I love my new change purse and so does everybody who sees it when I use it at store :)
This is great bag overall, especially for someone who wants to keep a large variety of contents organized.
This bag is large enough to hold a lot of gear.
The large main compartment has zippered mesh pockets, a fold out sub-compartment, and a panel with elastic loops to organize smaller items and tools.
The smaller outside compartment extends for the whole height and width of the back and easily holds a blanket or similar item.
The entire outside of the bag is covered with nylon webbing straps for attaching other items.
I use this as my hurricane evacuation bag and easily contains spare clothes, toiletries, first aid kit, flashlight, radio, poncho, tarp, and some food and water.
It keeps everything organized and accessible.
It was a little expensive, but it seems to be extremely durable and useful.
I own a lot of Levi's and was trying to switch it up from my norm which are 511's and figured 508's would fit a little looser and more comfortable.
Sits around the same area on the hips.
They are a little looser are the calves yet the thigh area is a little more restricting.
.
My great niece looks good in this outfit.
She loves it because her doll matches.
She is very happy with it.
I am always a little nervous about buying clothing online.
This dress is amazing.
The fit is perfect my daughter is tall and thin and the length is perfect!
I love the tulle detail around the cuffs too!
Cute outfit but make sure you read the washing instructions on the tag.
I accidentally dried the skirt and the waist band is starting to flip a little because it wasn't sewed down.
I didn't realize you were supposed to hang dry.
I bought this jacket for this last snowboarding season (09/10) and I've owned Spyder products before, but this is amazing.
There is no need for layers and layers, because this jacket keeps you toasty!
Some of my friends thought I was insane for paying as much as I did for the Jacket, but at the end of the day, their snowclothes were soaked through, and they were freezing, while my jacket (and pants from spyder) didn't even show that I've been on the slopes all day.
I know it is pricey, but it is absolutely worth every penny.
I've never bought a Spyder product I have been disappointed with.
This pair replaces an earlier pair that I wore through several national parks, but ruined when I let the iron get too hot.
Actually, they shouldn't be ironed, but I had to learn the hard way.
I love the lightweight feel, the ease of washing by hand and how they dry very fast.
Being a lefty, i do with there was a zippered back pocket on the left side, but it's a minor inconvenience.
I just lost 130 lbs!
I did not know if the size would work for me, but it does.
I wear them for my exercise classes.
They are really comfortable.
I do wish they came in petite sizes, though.
When I got this jacket I wondered if it would keep me warm.
It is thin.
But I went for a walk in 17 degree temps and wind wearing that jacket, a fleece jacket, and a t-shrt.
I was very warm.
Plus, I love the blue coler.
Nice lightweight coat, works nicely to break the wind.
You'll need more insulation if you are wearing it on a really cold day.
Purchased an XXL, the sleeves are long enough but it could be a little longer in the body.
Bought this Ballet Dance tote for my grand daughter for her birthday.
She absolutely loved it.
Very nice quality and shipped very fast.
Great customer service.
bought these for my grandson who has very sensitive skin- these are not only very cute, but the fabric is amazing!
I only wish that they were available in toddler sizes as well for his sister.
Waistband is a little loose for smaller frames...
I asked for 30 size but seem to be 2 sizes more ,I am unhappy because Ithougt it would be my perfect size,my others jeans are all size 30 ,not happened with this,must br error production,Levis 508 does not have the correct size
I needed something for the gym shower room.
Wraps and attaches great.
quick and easy on and off.
Exactly what I needed.
I like these over skinny Jeans which are just to tight fit great over top of shows or low top converse
Cute outfit,  the fit is great and the quality is also good.
Daughter says the dress is itchy but she is really picky she just wears it with a shirt under it.
Seemed like it took no time to get.
Great Product Got here long before expected.
Sure the Nephew will be Pleased Great Christmas Present.
It's my second pair that I bought from Amazon and they both have started to fall apart after 3-4 months.
I have been buying 508's for a couple years now and only these two pairs have been so crappy.
One distinctive difference between these and one's that I have bought in store - these have labels in Chinese... Quality is certainly an issue with jeans bought on Amazon.
Back to buying from b&m store...
I loved it so much I ordered a second on.
Nice fit, warm.
This is a perfect layering shirt.
I might order a third.
Like a few on here, the jeans I received was not what I originally ordered.
I wanted the 508 Regular Tapered (having own a pair and liking the way they fit) but I received the 521 Slim Tapered.
At first, I was upset since I expected them to fit and look like skinny jeans.
However, after trying them on, I have to say I love them as much, if not more than my 508s.
I give the jeans 5 stars but my order 4 stars only because it wasn't what I ordered so BUYER BEWARE...I just happened to like the mistake.
We love these pjs.
They are super soft and easy to get on with the front snap closure.
They also wash up great with no shrinking.
We have 2 pairs of them one in green and the other in blue.
These are nice to workout in, no bunching, nice length and soft and comfortable.
I would purchase more colors if available.
Snap this top up!
It's a bargain.
It keeps you very warm on its own and has a great loose fit.
Good for layering.
It's a nice product that is accurately discribed and is very comfortable.
This is the last review I do because it sucks takes too long
These are a good looking pair of jeans but they are not a boyfriend jean...boyfriend jeans should feel more relaxed and loose throughout.
These are definitely tighter through the thigh than I expected.
Also, I recommended sizing down.
I wear a 6 (5'8 138) in prana 70's cord and organic denim jean.
The 6 in the boyfriend pant I could slip on and off while buttoned.
I'm keeping the dark wash in a 4, but the pewter in a 4 is too tight in the thigh while I can still fit my fist in at my waist.
Overall a good looking pair of jeans with lots of stretch, but due to inconsistencies I only give it a 3.
My 2 year old grandaughter is an Elmo fanatic!
She loved her Elmo outfit and can't wait to wear it to school!
this item was for someone other than me, i haven't heard any negatives from her.
i assume it is fine.
bought one for myself and love it
I now own 3 pairs of spanx leggings, AND ALL THREE HAVE HOLES IN THE CROTCH.
I wore thispair twice.
$62 for leggings.
.
I expect them to hold up.
I own 1pair of yummie tummie leggings for over 3 months, and no holes, no snags and still look great!
Im DONE WITH SPANX!
ON TO THE NEXT BRAND!
If u want a looser fitting pant, her a size up.
They are fitted around hip and thigh area.
I have to.have all my pants hemmed because I am so short.
Only reason there is not 5 stars instead of 4 is because they were soooo long.
The fabric is not thick, but very good quality and very comfortable.
The fabric appearance allows u to dress them up or down depending on what shoes and shirt u put with them.that's a plus!
This is a great product.
Very well made.
The conceament Holster/ compartment will accomidiate almost any mid size pistols.
I even tried a Full size 1911.
It fit, but it was pretty snug.
I will defiantly be buying more of these purses for my younger sisters.
Its very cute and fashionable.
I. Would definitely suggest it to others.
While I like the product, it was not the same product that was advertised in the picture.
My rashguard was all blue with blue stiching.
The picture showed a rashguard that was blue with white stiching.
The picture should be corrected.
I would have preferred to receive the exact item that was advertised.
I bought size 36X34 jeans due to my large thighs and this fit well.
By body frame is 6'2&#34; height about 190lbs.
Typical waist size 33-34 The waist is a little big but will have that adjusted by a tailor.
Overall great purchase.Price: 8/10 It was on sale(Holiday weekend)Quality:7/10 Not the best jeans i have ever had but pretty good.
This sweater is super nice and soft, but overall waay too expensive.
It is a thin sweater so it will layer well.
this tote and its matching umbrella go right along with a pink collapsible chair for outdoor, pool, beach time.
Great quality and looks.
A sturdy looking purse for a small child.
Bright colors as shown and well made.
I would purchase one of these purses again.
This is so cute!
Colors and design so great!
Quality and value for money superior.
My little grand daughter adored it.
These have to be the best long underwear on the market.
I love mine and they truly make a difference when I need them to.
You can't go wrong with these -- a little expensive, yes, but this is definitely a case of getting what you pay for.
I purchased these for my daughter to use as undershirts for the winter.
They fit good and the colors are nice.
They are a light weight fabric and not at all heavy, probably would be good for an everyday t-shirt for southern summers as well.
I used to purchase a lot of Hanes products but I've found that lately I'm not really happy with the quality of their things.
Like most things these days the quality is not what it used to be.
Sizes mentioned for L and XL do no match.
42-44 is mentioned as XL but in reality is 46-44 for XL.
Was disappointed when I got it.
They are now big for me.
I bought two of these for my linebacker son-in-law for Christmas.
They fit him perfectly and look very nice and even a little bit dressy.
He loves the fit and his wife loves how they wash up.
My little cousin is in love with Spongebob and was in love with this product!
Definitely a Summer 2012 HIT!!!
This dress is absolutely adorable on my 9-yr-old daughter.
She is slim and leggy, so this gives her a nice shape.
Modest, but very flattering.
Well-made and fun!
Nice to ware around and is quite confortabole, i would say that it is a good buy for shure.
good size to.
This is a super light rain jacket, I bought it to put it in my golf bag for those rainy rounds and it is perfect.
For some reason, golf jackets don't come with a hoodie, so this one is exactly what I was looking for.
This suit does what it says!
we love it... My 6 month old can spend time by the pool without the worry of the sun.
This looked way cute on our little one and it washes beautifully.
I would definitely recommend this brand to parents.
She received loads of compliments.
I am forever looking for jeans that would flatter my husband's physique.
He has long skinny legs but is otherwise a big guy.
The jeans compliment him very well and look great on both sneakers and boots!
The Tumbled Merlin color is also very versatile and can be dressed up or down.
These were really cute for my polar bear obsessed 3 year old, so I bought the small/medium thinking he'd have them for a while.
I guess &#34;youth&#34; includes toddler sizes, because when they arrived they were entirely too small for him.
I'd say size down 1 size to get the fit right for the Rigid Envy.
The colour is awesome, but they're pretty stiff.
I have yet to break them in fully so that may change.
I'd recommend it
My 93yo father in law will only wear Under Armour Mens Polos now!
For everythihg from playing bridge at his country club to play golf every day!
Yes I said playing golf every day!
We had to buy enough for him to wear outside and inside.
They are the best!
They wear great, wash beautifully, and don't stretch out of shape like those other polo shirts!
from a brand like Wrangler.
Will have to be stocking up on these, and am so pleased I was able to find SLIM fit.
good color and good fit;  most of the Lee jean products fit my body type well, which is why I always buy them online at Amazon.
I love me some Levi's 508 jeans.
Best fitting pants I've ever had!
Kind of hard to find a pair of jeans that looks tapered while being able to contain my quads since I workout my legs.The 508 is now my go to
The T-shirt and shorts are more than enough for the price I bought them.
The shorts fit my kid well although they don'y have an extra adjusting band.
Product description did not mention it was an extra long and loose fit version of this product.
very misleading.
And I was required to pay the return postage due to their faulty description.
Waste of time and money.
I love them!
They fit extremely perfect which was surprising to me since I've never owned yoga pants in my entire life until now
This wrap is pure luxury!
It is thick and the Velcro is quite wide.
Being Turkish Cotton and being made in Turkey it is well worth the cost.
I am tall and it is a perfect fit.
I used this for a sarong tea dance in Provincetown Mass.
It was hot and humid, and wearing the sarong made it very comfortable
I washed these shorts when they arrived and one had a hole in it before my son even wore it.
I could literally wear this shirt as a skirt.
I will tuck this in anyways however really?
Untucked I wouldn't wear it.
I figure if your 6 foot tall and extremely skinny it would be a good fit.
Other than that the product is OK.
You definately get what you pay for.
These pants are thin but pretty good quality, soft, and fit fine...they are a bit long but so are my legs so not really an issue.
Don't order.
no wonder this is on clearance.
Extremely cheap material.
Top is comepletely see-through.
Not true to size.
My daughter is a regular 5/6.
Ordered a 6, the  shirt falls off her shoulders and the leggings fit my 2year old.
Not worth the hassle to return.
ugh.
These pants ended up being pretty nice.
Some people complained about them being see through-yes if they are tight on you and you bend all the way over, you can kinda see through them-that is most yoga pants though.
I thought the length was good.
I'm 5'7&#34; and 145lbs and ordered a medium-they fit really nice.
Overall I would buy again (if they would get my size in some more colors!)
soiled, used
My son loves them.
He wants 5 more pairs.
If he had his choice he would wear sweatpants every day.
I love these jeans they are flattering as well as comfortable.
They are simply not your daughters jeans and fashion colors as well.
Ordered size I usually get and they're comfortable enough for exercise but wouldn't wear other places like I did my previous pair.
I haven't washed them yet and hope they don't shrink in cold.
These bibs are the warmest bibs I have ever had.
20 below zero with 25mph winds and I was never cold.
These bibs also kept me dry!
This shirt is my favorite for yoga/meditation/etc.
classes and meetings.
It's comfortable, looks great, keeps me warm when needed.
It's breathability is much better than other shirts I have.
These pants are great, I like the fact that the cargo pockets have magnets to keep them closed.
The front and back pockets have zippers so you wont lose anything.
I wore these on a recent hunt with a cold weather base layer, the tempature was 30 degrees and my lower half was fine.
These pants do run big, I ordered the small and am a 30-30 so there is plenty of room if you need to add more layers.
I ordered these for my 5 year old son.
They fit very nicely and wash well too!
I will be ordering more in the future!
They fit well.
They are the right length.
They are comfortable.
I can wear them with anything from tee to jacket for work.
I love them.
Le quedo un poco grande ya que lo pedi en talla 5, pero mi hija lucio preciosa como una linda princesa mas de disney
beautiful.
fine crafts person ship.
delicate.
light.
something like half the world.s population, including men, wear sarongs or something similar
This was a surprise starting kindergarten gift for my 5 year old granddaughter.
She is all about the bling.
This bracelet is made well and looks beautiful.
Only had it for a few days, so we will see how it wears.
Very happy with my purchase as is my granddaughter.
I ordered two pair they fit perfectly and are soft material I love working out in them .
Very comfortable I will most likely buy more in different colors soon.
I really like this product, as good as what I expected and I am very satisfied with this shopping experience!
These purses are even cuter in person!
I bought the butterfly and owl.
They are perfectly sized for little girls.
The colors are beautiful!
They are very well made and I can see them lasting for years.
Great product!
I ordered these for my husband, we recently moved to ND and was not quite prepared for this cold~ Our friends who live here gave John a 3.0 Baselayer Crew pullover shirt for Christmas.
Well John was so happy with it, I checked them out at Amazon and ordered him 2 more!
They keep him so warm, his back on longer hurts due to the cold.
It is expensive, but so worth the money!
I will always keep him in this product!
Very worth the price!And it shipped very quick!!!
My granddaughter loved this outfit.
The jacket seemed to be a little snug however @ first try on.
Very nice over all.
Wonderful fit and finish.
I would recommend this to anyone wanting a comfortable warm weather shirt!
I have a number of UA products and find they hold up well for a long time.
its great a like it very much, i like this very much i feel it is best jeans  i ever ware
Need Red Kap shorts for work.
These fit perfectly.
I have worn these pants now in the rain and cold a few times now and they have worked perfectly.
The only downside is when I'm riding my bicycle with them on they expose my ankle to the elements so I have to remember to wear long socks.
I'm about 5'10" and bought a pair of large pants vs medium so I could wear pants underneath them if necessary.
So the inseam may be too short for some.
This is a 3 pieces set very functional specially because It combines  with other colors to make if more dramatic.
The sweater is soft perfect for a little girl.
Not to heavy.
I really like it!
This is a very comfortable jacket, and I'm excited to actually get a chance to try it out in the cold this winter.
It has a very flattering feminine shaping and you do not end up looking like the Michelin Man in it.
However, I do have to agree with the reviews of others...the arms are SO TIGHT and narrow that it is just odd.
I have never experienced arms being tight like this, and I even sized up, to a medium, when usually I wear a small in jackets.
I don't know how it will work with using my baselayer under this.
Also, the chest is also tight.
Granted, I guess I do have SLIGHTLY larger girls than some women my size, but overall, the whole thing is just oddly long and narrow.
Like built for barbie with no boobs or something.Anyway, I got it for a great price at the height of summer and it's probably too late to return it now anyway, so I will keep, but may have to look at another option for winter outdoor hiking when I need a solid baselayer underneath.It's hard to advise people to size up on this one, because then the arms and torso seem like they'd be too long, and the rest of the jacket would be too big.
One thing is that it is a very stretchy jacket, so maybe it will just expand as needed.
But if you tend to be very narrow and long, this would be your jacket.
If you are a shorter or stout person with more girth, just skip this jacket...it just will not be the right fit for you.
I found this to be a great classic fleece.
I went with a medium size for a close fitting fit that looks great.
I have found this fleece even fits neatly under a larger somewhat oversized fleece for extra layering up.
However I could have gone with a large size, which would have been somewhat more comfortable.
The medium size, while looking great, does feel a bit more constricting than I would like in the shoulders, providing a bit of resistance to extending my arms forward.
These PJ's were Christmas gifts for my grand-daughters and they were a big hit.
Super bright colors and they said they were comfy.
We ordered this for a school dance and it arrived just in time with just three hours to spare.
It fit like a glove and looks a like a dress that would cost several times the price.
Couldn't be more satisfied.
A good buy at a very good price!!
This is my first 508 Levis, Fits really well!!
Planning to buy one more!!
I really like the color, fabric and fit of this top.
Was happy to get it at such a nice price, too.
My son loves these shirts!
They're very soft, so wearing them all day doesn't get uncomfortable, and they keep him very warm.
If you want to add a warm layer of clothing without a lot of bulk, I'd recommend these shirts highly!
It's very nice a tiny bit tight on the chest area but that's ok cuz I'm a guy.
It's more visible than the pic.
The fabric feels soft and sensual.
It's lengthy and the g string fits great
the neck was stretch and the body was way too weird.
the top was for maybe a medium and the bottom well... have no clue.
the quality left a lot to be desired.
I have bought fruit of the loom for undershirts and underwear but this time i was disappointed.
it is going back for sure and it will be replaced by Hanes.
This is my second pair.
Great cut, consistent fit.
Awesome price on Amazon.
At 6'5&#34; I am super stoked they come in 36 length so I have enough material to cuff them, and with fairly muscular legs these allow me to approximate a skinny jean without adjusting my voice up an octave.
The stones are very nice on this Shamballa - sometimes you get a bracelet and the quality is awful.
These are lovely and the size is perfect for a 8 year old or very slim woman.
Awesome value for the price.
These regular tapered jeans by Levi's are the best pair of jeans.
Fit perfectly and comfortably.
Highly recommended and a great price.
I ordered the black version of this shirt some months back and I liked it so much that I ordered this one too.
I love the style of these hoodies.
They are very durable, well made and very comfortable.
Well I ordered 2 of these for my sister, in which when we took it out of the bag which it came in.
.
the legging was tore.
as for the other one, it was just fine.
She did find them very comfortable, and it does stretch so it fit very well.
This is the second Town Tote that I have bought!
The Giraffe print being black and brown goes well with my fall and winter clothing.
It also stays cleaner than my light colored one!
If you have an IPad you will LOVE the IPad pocket.
The fact that it slips over the handle of a suitcase AND had a space for an IPad makes it ideal for me.
The interior is well thought out and includes fabric 'chains' that I use to attach keys.
In areas of travel where I am concerned about pick-pockts,  I use of of these 'chains' to attach my Pacsafe wallet.
This is the BEST travel bag I have ever bought.
My freinds are sick of me braggging about this bag!!
Cutest sweater and leggings ever!
leggings have matching jeweled buttons on them and the whole outfit is amazing.
It washes and dries with no problems.
I like this design and color, it is comfortable when I wearing it.
But the price a little bit higher
Great hat very warm it was the best of both world warm and cheap.
If you warmth this you will love product.
Do not machine dry these pants!
They shrink badly.
The left leg of my pant shrunk first.
The right shrunk the next time.
Don't waste your money.
I am a large tall guy, and it is nice to find high quality shirts that fit.
This shirt is well made, will last, keep its form, and will be one of my casual &#34;go to&#34; shirts.
My son needed a backpack that could fit a folder in it for preschool.
We went with this one because we liked the design.
It was a little bigger than what I was expecting but it fits everything ... lunchbox, folder and extra clothes.
The colors are bright.
There's a small pocket on one side and a mesh pocket for a bottle on the other side.
As long as it doesn't have heavy things in it, my very tall 3 year old can wear it on his back (although it looks pretty big), but if he had to carry heavier things in it, I would have gotten the same bag but with wheels.
You have to be a tiny little asian chick to fit perfectly in this.
Entirely too see through.
Don't buy it!
Exactly what I was looking for!
I couldn't find this style in retail stores nor even at the actual website!
the only problem was the T-shirt.
It has a red blur (stain) on the picture, that didn't get clear after washing.
I have various different Carharrt beanies and I'm never disappointed.
This one matches the bibs I just bought a month ago.
I needed 3 nice, but inexpensive gifts for some picky guys.
I always buy made in USA when I can and these hats are great.
Carhartt always means quality and durability.
They arrived in two days, even though I chose standard shipping.
Amazon has done a great job getting all my orders to me quickly.
They have made Christmas shopping soooo easy.
I too was led to believe (by the picture) that the leggings were included with this outfit.
Unfortunately, the last line of the details says they're not included- my fault for bypassing I guess but why even put the leggings in the picture then?
Guess I'll have to go try to match a dark gray pair or something elsewhere.
I'm disappointed though- was really excited to give the whole outfit to my niece!
Gave this a gift to my son and husband, and they enjoy them very, very, much.
They wash a nd dry great -
Love these pants, they are really cute, the top fit perfect, love the ruffle around the bottom & of course Groover.
Good price!
I lke this bra very much.
it fits well and feels nice.
Also a good price.
It's hard to find good bras in the store in your size that are priced reasonable and fit well.
I've been getting them off Amazon and have been pleased.
I am very pleased with these pants.
They fit very comfortably.
I would like to purchase more in other colors.
its a lot safer than using blankets and the fact that its easily washable is a plusI will definitely recommend it
It looks great on my baby....thought of ordering one more to my other kid.
Fits perfectly as they said.
My daughter just adored this little bangle...:)
I am so glad I bought this jacket.
Keeps you warm as a single layer down to about 45 F before you want to add another layer.
This jacket has just enough room for layering without being too loose or baggy.
I can comfortably layer a fleece vest and a light jacket underneath the Camber jacket and it is still very comfortable and warm below freezing.
This jacket is practically windproof and the ability to adjust the sleeves and bottom of the jacket helps keep the heat in.There is nothing weird about the sizing.
I am 5'11, 160 lbs and ordered a medium, fits perfectly.
The only thing slightly off about the jacket is the sleeve length.
I find the sleeves to be a tad too long, but it's not really a big deal.
The styling of this jacket is great, looks classy without compromising performance.
Too many other similar products scream &#34;I SHOP ON STEEPANDCHEAP!
&#34;.
I've owned a North Face bionic apex jacket in the past but the Camber is far superior.
Do yourself a favor and buy this jacket (preferably when it's on sale, $250 is a bit much).
I decided to purchase these instead of the Fruit of the Loom boys tanks.
This was a really good choice.
These are much better quality.
The shoulder seam is sturdier.
And these actually have a seam around the bottom.
These are two areas that wore out quickly on the Fruit of the Loom tanks.
In addition, these are a little longer and so tuck in easier.
Will purchase Hanes boys tanks from now on!
I want the swimsuit to be a child size- small 4-6.
not for a 2-3 year old, it is for a 6-7 year old child.
This is the brand of t-shirts we have always used.
They wear well and last.
We shop online mostly and Amazon carries the brand we trust and the price is fair.
What more could a shopper ask for.
Doesn't stretch or fade, washes.
Did not shrink in dryer, good quality, snaps easily around legs.
I Would buy again.
Love the fit.
It was also better priced than the Levi's store, but still original.
My son would love it!
I bought this for my then 4 year old daughter.
She loved the outfit, but on her third wear the pants tore, or more like the stiches came undone.
The sweater and top are still intact but she stoped wearing them cause the pants were torn.
had to get these in 32x32 and the rigid envy in 33x32 (6' 180 lbs).
great jeans, though.
nice to have jeans with tapered bottoms that don't hug my ham hock thighs.
My two daughters, 6 and 8 years old, LOVE their HoodiePets!
Perfect for school, the park, travel, and everything in between!
Thanks to the fabulous quality of the fleece, the girls even sleep with them!
Exchanging and sharing the toys has been great fun for the girls too!
Thank you HoodiePet!
These are excellent dresses.
My 2 year old loves them!
We made the mistake of drying one in the dryer and it did shrink (almost 2"!)
so definitely a line dry item!
The tight legging pants fit perfect, however, the flare leg pants are a little long.
I have been wearing Red Ledge jackets for all my mountaineering expeditions since 1996, they have been with me to Bolivia, Alaska, Iceland & more.
I just go their latest waterproof jacket & its even batter than the original designs.
I have slept outside on a forced bivouac with only this jacket to keep me warm, the hood can accommodate a climbing helmet or a bike Helmut.
My wife wears hers while she trains for her first Ironman triathlon.
Great for hiking & caving even sea kayaking.
I love Red Ledge products, highly recommended!
I love these for my little one they are so comfortable and they were a great buy, i will buy these again soon.
I bought this for my niece who's 3 and she just loved it.
She changes her clothes every day into this little outfit.
My sister-in-law has already had to wash it many times.
Anyway, it's a hit!!!
As I'm attempting to expand my wardrobe into a sort of suave pirate fusion.
The shipping was quite fast for something coming from South Korea and the quality is quite good as well.
The fit is pretty much perfect and it's a real head turner.
I am around 6' , 205 lbs with a few large UA shirts.I already have way too many loose fit Nike Golf shirts.
I wanted a more modern slimmer profile so ordered medium on this one and it fits beautifully.The model in the website is 6'3" and wearing a large, but the shirt kinda hangs way over his shoulders.
too loose for me.
Supposedly these socks are supposed to prevent blisters and whatnot...yeah, not so much.
I went for a 2 mile walk shortly after I bought these and came home with a blister on my big toe and 2 on my heel.Comfy?
yes!
Worth the money?
Not in my opinion.
These are great winter/rain pants for golfers.
I bought them for golf because I had a gift card, and I've been pleasantly surprised that they work so well.Mainly, the fit is much nicer than most golf rain pants.
It has loops for a belt, which my other 2 pair of rain pants don't.
The zipper in front makes for easier 'access'.
Also, the lining on the pants keep any sweat from sticking to the outer material.From a golfer's perspective, my only gripe is that it doesn't have a back pocket, but I'm not too disappointed, because they weren't necessarily designed for golf.Overall, I feel like I really lucked out on these pants, and I would certainly buy another pair.
I bought 3 of these in different colors all the same size but for some reason the brown one  I ordered fit smaller then the other 2.
I am a tall girl so these pants were a little bit highwater on me.
I still made use of theses pants by rolling them up and wearing them as capris.
I'm a thicker guy but like the silhouette of a slimmer fit jean... I was taking the 514 to a tailor to taper the leg but still it was too roomy in the seat after wearing.
Based in others I ordered a smaller waist size- after the initial washing I thought I'd made a mistake but within 20 mins the fit relaxes.
Slim through the thighs and a narrow leg opening ....and a great price
Beautiful outfit for our 3/1/2 year old.
She loves anything sparkly and this fit the bill.
Quality material and perfect fit!
My grandson loved his new clothes.
They fit him a treat, I ordered the size 6 as he is big for his age, and was very pleased with the set
outfits look adorable and hold up to wash wellshorts are a little less durable but as long as you dont manhandle the buttons they are great
I have three pairs of these, they are by far and away my favorite cut of pants.
Unfortunately in true levi's fashion the fit varies from pair to pair.
These pants can look great, but you would be better off buying them from a brick and mortar store since the fit varies so much from pair to pair.
By the way it is designed, no one knows that it is a concealment purse.
I like the feature of being able to lock the gun pocket.
These have turned out to be great PJs & are on their second year at our house .
They are mid-weights so they are easily multi-seasonal--comfortable in summer with the AC on and definitely popular spring & fall.
Added benefit with growing kids: often she outgrows things  quickly & some pant legs look ridiculously too short on longer sprouted legs.
These work.
They have a bottom cuff trim which is so cute & as my daughter recently had a growth spurt for once the shorter legs with their cute trim don't look outgrown but rather deliberate & still stylish.
The pants are very comfortable, seem pretty good quality.
I ordered a Medium, and they are a little snug, but not too bad.
The fold over part tends to roll over itself a bit, but overall they work very well for my dance class.
I recently gave a Hoodiepet to my seven year-old niece and she loves it!
She loves that she can collect the pets and thinks the sweatshirt is very comfortable.
I bought two of them.
Nice fit!!!
The jeans look great!!!
The more I wear it, the more I like it.
My favorite layer!
true to size, flattering fit, so comfy!
It's not itchy either, I can wear it alone, or over something- It works great in warmer weather too, breathes well.
Fits exactly how I like, a little long in the legs but I have long legs so that's just perfect!
She loves it.
Fits snug and has a very classy look.
It is soft and not thick like a coat so she can wear it all day.
hate it.
one size fits one size lol not all sizes.
and it just scrunches up and becomes a hindrance, like a sock that slips down and gets balled up under your heal.
its not that big of a deal, or hard to fix, but i also dont know anyone wants to spend all day wiping there butt.
I don't think the negatives for this review are necessarily the seller's fault; their explanation of sizes may just be a bit confused.
I ordered it at what it instructed was the size for a 48inch chest size, and it turned out to be...well, to small.
On top of that, the item is made with a material that is really, really unpleasant to the touch.
The shipping time was phenomenal, but everything else about this would lead me to not recommending it.
Good products, good fit, good price, packaged well, fit as expected.
No problems at all.
I would definitely get again.
I like to use these as undershirts, but these shirts are too short to stay tucked into my pants.
Otherwise, they're OK, I guess.
This is pretty cheap looking and doesn't fit my wife that great.
I guess it's ok for the price...I reviewed other lingerie better than this.
Recently went on a vacation to SC, so I bought this for my husband and he loved it.
He really liked being able to throw it on after swimming verses a towel.
He got some great comments on it as well, from men and women.
These are nice, I wanted a zero because I have the 2 in the gray/denim Kara Jean, and those are a little loose.
I'm glad I didn't get a zero in these, because they are somehow considerably tighter than the gray/denim version of the same jean.
I really like these jeans.
They arrived promptly, with AMZ Prime, and have an overall good feel to them.
I would mention, however, they are large in the waist.
I had to order one size smaller than I normally wear in order to get a good fit.
However, once that was done I'm very pleased.
This is the cuties outfit ever, I bought it for my 3 year old niece, she received 3 dresses for her birthday, the other two dresses had lots of bling to them, she couldn't run fast enought to try on the other dresses but did not have the same reaction to the dress I gave her which was the Blueberi Boulevard Boucle set, but I'm sure she'll learn to love it.
This is a cute outfit, and my daughter loves it.
Just be advised that the whole outfit runs a bit small.
i really liked the product for it's price.
it's cotton which is pretty soft and i liked that.
i am normally a medium-small or 8-10  and ordered a medium in case and it fits well, i'm pretty sure a small could also fit so it's up to you to decide.
the length is also good.
i am happy with my purchase, thanks!
Quality was poor, it was expensive and one hand wash and the blue portion faded like it had been in ten laundry cycle.
i did hand washed it just so i could preserve it from the laundry still turned out a wash out...Dont like it for the poor quality and not holding up.
I have not seen other comments about this, but it may be a reason why the fit does not meet expectations.
I recently bought a pair of the 508's in the "Grey-Black" color.These are thinner weight, and, in fact are about 50%+ Cotton, 40%+ Polyester, and 2% spandex.
I don't know yet if this fabric mix is true for all the colors (or mine was unique?)
.
Anyway since mine are NOT 100% Cotton, they did not shrink much at all.
And to make matters worse, I had ordered 34x30 instead of my usual 33x30 as I thought when I was ordering that they would be 100% Cotton, and considering the slimmer profile I decided to go 1 size higher in the waist just in case of shrinkage.So beware -- the "100% Cotton" online description is not true for all colors, which I don't like.
If all the colors are not 100% cotton, then you are going to have "Fit" problems when you compare them to other jeans you have.
If Levi's is not going to make all colors with the same fabrix mix, then they should call the other ones something different than 508's and give them their own, true, fabric description.
This line of shirts are really good for work.
They look great and help keep me cool (where I work isn't air conditioned).
I only deducted a star due to their high cost.
Take $10-20 off the price and I would have a drawer full of them.
It is my third trousers 508 that I have bought.
The color this one very pretty and the texture of the fabric is since like imagine.Levis my favorite brand offers me a delicate and beautiful article to dress in this christmas
Fit and quality are excellent.
Very absorbent after  my shower.
Like that it has a pocket.
Exactly what I needed.
I liked it but the thongs did not fit.
.
i do not know y people think everyone is little... But thanks
Bought this for my hubby for Christmas.
It fits him well and isn't itchy or too hot.
Looks great with his black or brown coats due to brown stripe in it.
This is a beautiful purse with the outside suede in an array of colors.
They had very few colors left because it was selling so fast, but I lucked out and got the soft pinkish color I wanted.What really shocked me about this purse is the ENORMOUS capacity it has for almost anything.
It looks very small,but I never ran out of room for my stuff without ruining the outside structure of the purse.
No wonder this design is used for doctor's bags.
I would buy it again or give as a gift.
Bought this for my son for his upcoming college career.
He loves it so much he is already wearing around the house.
-Fits inside of a front pocket-Ventilated, so it's comfortable in warm weather-Large hood extends out and away.
Water doesn't run down my face.-Well made and durableOf course I haven't had to use it more than a few times since I got it but It has kept me dry.4 stars because I don't hand out 5 stars unless something is extraordinary but it's definitely a good product.
My husband and I got this for a friends little girl for her birthday.
It arrived when it said it would thank goodness because it was the day of the party.
:)
these pants are made from great fabric, elastic and long lasting.
but they are a bit loose in the size (i bought the smallest one that exist, nr.
2, and they are still loose, mainly in the waist).
i had to take them to the tailor to adjust them.
It would have been perfect if the maker would have added some anti-slip material on the inside to prevent the fabric from slipping off your chin, but it still works very acceptably as it is.
I tested it with my best and sharpest kitchen knife and it took 4 attempts with significant force to cut through it.
I was holding the fabric stretched flat on top of a plastic bubble while I tried to cut through it with the knife.
These are more than perfect conditions for cutting, so in a real life scenario with the fabric loose and gathered on your neck the protection would be even more effective.
The jacket is very good, stylish look at the baby and also very warm.
Color is much more interesting than the photo size is ideal.
I love it!
daughter normally wears a 4t to a 5t.
I ordered a 5t for this item.
it fits, but the pants are pretty snug.
I think all these clothes run small!
These glasses are very good quality and my son loves them.
I am very happy with the product!
I ordered 2 pairs of these and wore a pair for the first time today and about half way thru my day a kneeled down for the first time and the crotch ripped from zipper to my knee.....they are either dry rotted or are the worst assembled pants ever
The SmartWool Lightweight Zip T is the perfect weight, warmth and fit for either a day hiking on the trail or a night on the town hitting pubs.
It is almost impossible to wrinkle which makes it perfect for no-fuss traveling and packing.
My Mom loved mine so much she now has it in two colours and is equally as happy with hers as I have been with mine.
This is a highly recommended purchase for anyone who likes to be ready for an adventure, no matter the weather.
I love HALO sleepsacks and have had many with three kids, but only had this one two months and the zipper splits apart at the top.
Probably just a defective one and I'll be replacing it will another HALO, just a little disappointing in was only two months.
I had ordered these in black first and I loved them.
I decided to order them in another color (blueish/teal) and the sizing was completely different!
The legs were so short and didn't come all the way to the ground and the waist was so small they fit like super low rise jeans.
I was highly disappointed.
I love this brand of yoga pants.
I bought a pair a few years ago from a boutique and after many washes they are still soft and comfy.
My baby never stays covered up and I hate putting blankets in the crib with my baby so these are the perfect solution.
This outfit is adorable and my daughter loves it and she has gotten so many compliments!
Plus I love the adjustable waistband.
It is essential with my skinny mini!
Much too small.
I'm a solid size 16 and this had no chance of fitting me.
Gave it to my friend, who's a size 12 and she barely fit in it.
these are ok, they're just what you'd expect-- kinda cheap but a good staple for walking around the neighborhood.
i am 5'6, 100 pounds, usually a 1/2/3 in sizing, and got a small and they're a good fit.
it looked nothing like the picture, was badly sewn, and was reaaaally weirdly tiny.
Huge let down, the only nice thing was a random girft of a pen bracelet
This shirt is absolutely beautiful!
I would buy this again in a hearbeat.
Fits nice event though I not one of those skinny little guys and I am not one of those great big belly guys.
The shirt fits nice on a large built person vehicle nicely.
Good quality shirt, made a perfect gift for a South African friend in the U.S. who really wanted to be there for the event.
I should have bought a medium instead of a large, but that's not the fault of the T shirt!
Wife works at school and these were bought for the workers.
They were the right size for all the workers and easy to clean.
ilove them.
they are very comfortable but are  a little bit too long in length.
i received the order quickly.
I received these and tried them on.
The length was good, however, they DO NOT sit below the waist as described.
The rise (zipper length),is way too long for that.
They poofed out in the front and looked weird.
The only way to correct the poofiness, was to pull them up, past my belly button, like mom jeans.
Eww.
Nobody likes mom jeans.
If you want a low rise pant, that actually sits below the waist and a taper, get the 514's and have them tailored to taper.
I try not to purchase kid clothing items online because I'm afraid of having to return due to being off size.
These snow pants fit great!
My husband loves this hat.
It keeps him very warm on frigid days.
He's pleased with the quality of this hat.
My granddaughter loved this dress and it was so cute on her.
Great colors, good quality and the sizing was right on.
Bought this item as a gift for my 5 year old granddaughter & she LOVED it.
She likes everthing pink & w/cupcakes, so this just fit the bill.
I like it so much that I am getting a second one.
Cute but it was unbelievably small.
The tutu is so thin and small I didn't wear it.
The corset string was so small I had to go buy a new ribbon to get it to lace so that it would fit.
I wear a size 6-8 normally.
I am a size 5-7 shorts or pants so I was really suprised that an 8 was soooo small.
Purchased for my 2 granddaughters and they wear them all the time and love them.
Washed perfectly and the fit was sized great for them.
Of course they love the print, they are soft, and the girls will stay in them all day.
Heavy duty but not uncomfortably so.
the fit was as expected and that pants seem durable and should hold up well.
This purse is the perfect handbag to conceal your gun.
I love it!
I would recommend this handbag for anyone to conceal and carry your firearm!
I was surprised at how well this fit, and how well-made it looks and feels.
The fabric is a little sturdier than I expected in dressy clothing, but still much finer than most tweed or denim.
I think this is intended to be part of casual or "smart casual" wear, especially since I can't find a Perry Ellis suit to match.
In case anyone with similar measurements is reading -- I'm a 44" chest (under arms) and 41" belly and the XL fits.
Not related to this product, I also found out that buying a suit from the same designer, with the same size and color name may get you a different color suit than you expected that does not fit.
...and quality!
For anyone who destroys white undershirts with their toxic pits like I do - yeah, these are for you... BRO.
I didn't like the quality of the ribbon, and the hem of the jacket was coming off.
I ordered Champagne and liked it.
RETURNED IMMEDIATELY.
NOTHING  BUT A JACKET MADE OF PLASTIC.
A TRASHBAG WITH A HOOD.THINK TWICE BEFORE ORDERING THIS JACKET.
Great way to top off a shower.
Good quality and sturdy construction for the price.
What's not to like about this product.
Not too much to say on these yoga pants.
I'm 5'4 and they.
Are somewhat long.
Something I've gotten used to.
I'm not sure how it fits because it was a Christmas gift and i'm not sure if it has been worn yet.
Especially necessary for those who like to save on energy costs and keep their houses generally cool in the winter.
When coupled with some footie pajamas, baby can stay warm even when it is a bit chilly inside.
I bought this for my daughter and it is way too large for me but she loves it had been looking at it on ebay and had planned to get it but I beat her to the punch.She changed her purse right then before opening up her other gifts.The lock even works.
These fit good with the tapered fit.
Color is nice, but material is thinner than most denim since its the brushed twill.
Sometimes I need to wear something other than blue jeans and these work for that.
they were fine and the price was good a few washes will tell so time will tell the true story
I love almost everything about this jacket.
It's smooth and durable on the outside, yet soft to the touch on the inside.
However, my only and greatest complaint is I ordered a medium (i should've gotten a small) and the tag (as well as the size of this clothing) say its XXL....
Umm....
I think this can really have an effect on my buying choice for this company...
This is such a sweet take me hom outfit.
I will be using this for my baby girl.
Great quality.
So comfortable and easy to move around in.
I love them well worth the amount they cost!
It's almost a steal!
Love them!
I ordered the large and normally wear medium but these fit very well over my regular cycling bibs.
Movement is not restricted what so ever!
Got this shirt for my daughter.
She loves Mickey more than Minnie.
She's been wearing it to sleep at night.
It's been a perfect shirt for summer, since she's spending so much time in the pool.
Got it because I'm in the first trimester of a pregnancy and somehow, anything with an elastic or zippered waist really really really bothered me!!!
I was leary because of some of the reviews but I am very very happy I got them anyways!!
I know the waist will become too small as my belly expend (they are not for maternity wear) but for now, they are SUPER COMFY, don't dig into my belly at all, and I am considering getting two more small size, as I will wear these A LOT after baby comes!
I would even get the large now so I can still be comfy at home as baby grows, but I don't want to pay what the company is asking for shipping ($8, sheesh!)
once you select medium or large for size...
These shirts tend to run small and shrink so we ordered XL for an 8 yr old to be comfy for sleeping.
He seems to like the fit and the length.
Totally satisfied with the tights, I would recomend everyone for windy days.
.
Only one thing, they have not padded, please if you have not pad to use it, buy one.
This purse is VERY cute.
We purchased the turtle one and the colors are spot on to what you see in the photo.
I hope that this toy will last a while, since it is somewhat large for our daughter now.
The opening of the purse is "Tight".
I purchases some bracelets (80's plastic bracelets) that i thought would go nicely.
The fit in fine.
.
but the opening does not open very wide.
The strap is also a little long for a very young girl.Otherwise very happy with the purchase and hope that in a few years she loves it!
I've been a user of Carhartt products for a few years and this beanie is everything I expected from Carhartt, should have ordered one or two more.
This outfit fit my 3-year old perfectly and he is still wearing it as a 4-year old.
He loves this outfit and it looks great on him.
It is a little bit loose for me, but it looks good.
The material is thin but comfortable.
Look as described.
Thanks!
The product arrived as expected, but as I have to do with an tailored they first went to be shortened two (2) inches.
The 508 wash well however they do tend to fade some after the third or fourth washing.
The fit other than the length is outstanding and the are very comfortable.
Came on time.
Adorable sweater an comfy little pants.
Great deal for the two!
A must buy!
There's other types of marvel characters to pick from too.
The sweater is thick an will keep toddlers warm.
I got a 2t an love it!
Little does my husband know, or perhaps he does know, I love the sight if him in this wrap.
He put it on immediately.
The fit is what I expected, a little big.
He loves it as do I.
A great purchase for both of us.
This shirt is great.
We use it for both sun protection and for swimming.
I recommend it highly.
We bought a few different colors.
I really love these pants- fit great but I'm 5'5'' and they are about 2 inches past my heel, I might hem them but definitely worth the price.
Good quality and warm!
I bought it for my husband, but I think I wear it more than he does!!
It arrived and it was gigantic!So much for following the measuring instructions on the levis site.Now I am stuck with Jeans I can't return as I was out of the country on business past the return policy...
I know it cannnot be fitted, by i like it very much, so i decided to buy it, hope he can ware it next year
Four years old children wearing appropriate&#12290;The fabric is thin, suitable for spring or autumn wear.
Size just right, for four years old thin children right, 100 centimeters high, 33 pounds, just right.
I do like these.
They aren't really jeans, more of a twill fabric.
However, they don't keep their shape well.
They end up being quite loose (and comfortable).
Now, they don't get baggy weird like say Old Navy jeans, which don't keep their shape either but instead end up having a weird shape being baggy around the knees or the like.
These do keep their general shape, they just end up being looser.
This baby doll looks cheap, it's very transparent and does not fit if you wear a C cup or above.
They fit perfectly and I dont have anything bad to say.
If you are tall tgem I would recommend a bigger size just for height.
Not only are they thin, which I need, there is no seam to irritate my toes.
I have no problem with them wearing out as other reviewers have written.
My biggest issue is that they are pricey.
I've gotten bra tops for zeanna outfitters before, and now have this pant.
I'd say that the brand isn't bad, but if you want a good yoga pant you'll have to spend the money for that.
Personally Lululemons are the best and make you look good but they come with the cost.
These pants are like the other items I have from them; good for a little while, then after a few washes may fray a bit still wearable though.
For the price, these pants are a good deal.
I got the charcoal grey ones.
They are not see through.
They are long, even for me and I'm 5'8" 145 lbs.
slim slender average.
After a wash I think they will be the perfect length after they shrink a little.
I do like them a little long though.
They are a little more flared than the picture which I am not crazy about.
But if you need a pant to wear around the house that you could also do errands in, this is it.
I like Levi's and I really like tapered jeans.
First ever amazon review, I could not believe these things have not had any reviews.
I owned the Frabill Ice Suit for 5 years, pretty good ice fishing gear.
The knees tore on my bibs and needed a new suit.
So I bought the "even better" Frabill Snosuit bibs.
These are by far the best bibs you can buy for ice fishing hands down.
They are unbelievably warm and 100% waterproof.
I have kneeled and sat in water for hours fishing, and have not gotten wet or even damp at all.
The knees are super padded and really comfortable for kneeling on the ice hole hopping.
If you are looking for a real set of ice fishing bibs, look no further.
Snosuit bibs are by far the best!
The quality is good.
The zipper takes a little getting used to, but once you realize it goes from top down it works really well when you are changing a diaper in the middle of the night.
My daughter received HoodiePet as a gift and not only does she want to wear it everday, but she has abandoned her "blankie" and has replaced it with her pink bunny HoodiePet.
Getting her to wear a jacket was previously a challenge, but not anymore.
Her friends keep asking her where she got it.
I was happy to learn that Amazon carries all the animals as now I can purchase the other colors and pets for her as well.
The fleece is ultra soft and is machine washable.
This is an awesome present and I plan on purchasing these as birthday presents for her friends.
(They trade and collect the pets which are also finger puppets!)
Hoodiepet Bunny Plush Friend -Multi-SmallHoodiePet w Tiger Hoodie KidsHoodiePet w Panda Hoodie KidsHoodiePet w Cheetah Hoodie KidsHoodiePet w Puppy Hoodie Kids-Light blue -1-2Hoodiepet Polar bear Plush Friend -Multi-One SizeHoodiePet w Ape Hoodie KidsHoodiePet w Tiger Hoodie KidsHoodiepet Unicorn Plush Friend -Multi-One SizeHoodiePet w Zebra Hoodie Kids
Love these pants!
So comfy and flattering!
Received as promised.
I wear them every chance I get.
I've also received compliments in them
Very well made with quality leather & zippers.
Lot's of storage space.
Only wish is a cell phone pocket on side...
I enjoy a good cigar when I play golf and I've tried several of the holders out there that are designed for holding you cigar while you golf, and a couple of them are "ok".
But this one is by far the best.
Not only does it do a great job holding the cigar, but it holds the cigar in the cart, on the tee, on the green, anywhere!
And when I'm done, it folds up nice and small and goes into my golf bag pocket without the tee part sticking up and poking holes in my pocket lining.
Great product.
My 3 year old son loves these bibs and they keep him very warm.
Very well insulated but not bulky.
Great outfits.
.
good quality.
Really cute!
This price is over the top.
.
same.
.
same outfits cheaper off line and in stores...I am not sure why the price difference.
.
at Dillards same clothes/outfit pieces for $36.00!??!?!
My son has dress code for school but doesn't like the trendy muscle shirts in style now.
This shirt was in stylish enoough for him with the underarmour logo and very roomy with comfortable soft material.
I really like these jeans.
They are comfortable, not baggy, and fit well.
They didn't even shrink when I made a mistake and threw them in the dryer on high heat.I would buy another pair but they're out of my size.
Outwardly, I like this product.
Well suited for the official photo shoot.
But the maroon cloth when washing badly painted.
Was painted white collar products, badly.
But generally normal
I originally ordered the Big Sir, but the material was incredibly stiff (not a bad thing), but that meant that the jeans were pretty tight.
I have larger legs than most so after reading some reviews, found that the Rinsed Playa were made with a more flexible material.
The Rinsed Playa are perfect!
I ordered this hoodie and it arrived 2 weeks early.
I'm 5'10" with a torso slightly taller than average so I have to  be careful ordering online.
I can say that before washing this shirt fits perfectly.
It feels slightly cheap, but for the price you cant complain.
The hood fits great, but being my first hoodie with a hood like this, I had never eaten with one on before, and eating soup with the hood on is probably a bad idea, it hangs out right below your chin so I advise against it.
But all in all i'm very happy with my purchase and plan on hang drying it to avoid shrinkage.
The jeans are a great fit for more athletic types.
I got it an inch smaller at the waist than my 514s and found the fit to be perfect.
They are a little tighter around the thighs than 514s and have a pronounced taper below the knee that makes the entire jean a very snug fit.I wish Levis would put just a bit of elastic material into the fiber content.
I can feel the jeans being more constrictive and not giving me a full range of motion, enough that I notice in a game of ping pong or when walking up hills.Overall, they look great but aren't as comfortable as other Levis I've purchased.
I'm still getting a second pair though.
I have purchased from this merchant in the past, another UA polo shirt, and my husband is very happy with his gift.
I bought this for a friend, and he turned out to really like it, he even said that it kepted him very warm.
Great clothes, good quality, the quality i expected fron carters and low price compared to dept. stores.
And it arrived on time.highly recommended.
I love this hoodie....
the only thing is that is more a sweater than a hoodie , because the hoodie is a bit to small mmmm  but thats ok because i love it ... I`m 5`6 and 190pounds and its a bit loose and its comfortable to wear :) THANK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We loved this outfit but I really felt that the top was closer to a 5 than to a six
The pants are very comfortable but if you are normally a medium buy a small.They are good for anyone who likes comfy pants that look good and can be worn anywhere.
These shirts are expensive but well worth it.
They wear great and last for ages.
All I have for Polos now
This is the best pair of jeans for those who have a little extra padding in the thighs.
Looks like a skinny jean but fits like a regular cut pair.
I hadn't realized how small a men's small undershirt would be.
It was fine for our purposes.
We were sharpie tie-dyeing the shirts.
It fit our limited budget!
I bought the medium and it fits my 39&#34; hips with plenty of room.
Comfy and hits mid-thigh - I'm 5'6&#34;.
Great shorts.
To address everything I feel about this item, I'll make points of the good and bad.Good:- Material is soft and fleece-like on the inside, making it great for spring/fall- Design looks as promised- Fairly durable, stitching is acceptably strong and thickBad:- The hood has a weird point at the top, but that's very minor and just a pet peeve of mine- It has a funky smell when just taken out of packaging, but I will try washing it to fix this- The button holes for the &#34;straps&#34; on the front are slightly too small for the buttons, but can be forced throughThough this isn't either good or bad, it's just a tip: THIS ITEM IS XXL in the Asian size chart.
That is roughly a large (depending on the brand of course) in American sizes.
For instance, I'm a 120 pound and 5' 5&#34; tall female, and this fits me quite loosely but not enough to look too silly.Overall I really like this item.
It's always a gamble when purchasing things in foreign sizes, especially with reviews saying the quality/durability is lack; luckily I gambled and consider this a win.
c:
This base layer is lightweight and fitted.
It fits well under other clothing or can be worn alone in warm weather.
It works like advertised, it keeps you dry and comfortable in athletic activities in cold weather.
Don't buy this.
The quality is that of something you buy off a street vendor.
The shirt rips easily and the skirt is not convincing at all.
I had a hard time getting into the role playing with this horrible costume.
This product fits well, but is very long.
The legs on the pants go past my feet.
I recommend these pants to anyone tall and slim.
The product shipped on time.
Arrived earlier than estimated date.
The product looks nice too.
The clip tie works for my son who gets hot and usually ditches the tie before the end of the event.
For the price I paid, I was satisfied.
My daughter loves Nemo and was so excited to get this backpack for pre-school.
It is fun, brightly colored and is big enough for her papers.
It also seems to zip well.
Note: It's big, so it probably won't fit well on a 4 year old, but it is a good size for school papers.
I bought this shirt for my 25 year old son as a gift.
He is a huge Gene Simmons/KISS fan.
He just loved the shirt-it is his favorite!
Most socks seem to gather at the ankle and cause pain or bad discomfort such that I have to take them off by mid-afternoon.
Other socks seem to leave ridges on my calf/shin.
These socks do neither; they are very comfortable!
I'm afraid to order a smaller size - if a sock size is too small it aggravates my ankle.
With this one, the heel part comes up past my heel but does not cause problems.
I'm a woman's size 11 shoe and order the size Large.
I've never tried the Medium.
I was very satisfied with this product, the quality is good and it's very reasonably priced, this particular brand of clothing is very nice.
These pants were purchased for a 7 year old who fits size 10's.
I purchased the pink pants in 10's and a black size 12.
The 10's are tight (they are skinny "jeans" ) but some skinny pants give more room in the waist/leg.
The 12's are MUCH longer and couldn't even fit her.
Very odd sizing with the 10's being tight and the 12's being too long and wider in waist.
My granddaughter loved this dress.
It was perfect because you did not have to worry about buying a top it was with the jumper.
Have been buying exactly the same item once a year last 3 years.
Fits as expected every time, as long as I don't change my body.
I liked the outfit but the wrong size was sent I got 6x and needed 10-12 large.
hope to get the right size.
I sent the other outfit back with your label from ups.
These sweats are my husband's favorites during the cold months here in VA.
They're very thick, and decent-looking - better than what you'd find in Wal-Mart.
]
I LOVE THE FOLD OVER WAIST & WAS SEARCHING HIGH & LOW FOR THESE.
I BOUGHT A PAIR FROM THE OBAMA STORE THAT SAY 2013 IN BIG WHITE LETTERS DOWN THE LEG.
THEY INTRODUCED ME TO THE SUPER COMFEY FIT OF FOLD OVER WAIST BUT I WANTED A PAIR WITH OUT THE DATE AND VOILA!
AMAZON CAME THROUGH!
I DEFINATELY RECOMMEND THESE PANTS.
i think these jeans are fantastic.
The only gripe I had is that the sizing is weird like many others mentioned.
I normally wear a 32, but ended up fitting in a 29 for these jeans.
I got this sweater on a Friday Sale for $19.99 which was a great deal.
I wore it the first time without washing it and it left little fuzzes all over inside my coat and on the top of my jeans (so be careful).
I washed it twice now and it is already showing a few fuzz balls under the arms that the others have talked about - but that's the same with all cashmere.
I don't expect it to last more than a winter or two, but even so - the price was right.
It is very soft and fits well.
It actually was a lot more stretchy than tight which was good but still fits decently well.
I washed it after a couple uses and it left white marks where the washer was rubbing against it.
Some discoloration after...
I love prAna, and this tank holds up the high standard.
My only advice is that it's not a super modest top, so choose your venue appropriately.
Great pants, very nice for travel and hikes!
They are true to size and quite flexible to wear for other types of exercise.
My sister bought the same pair and wears them to work.
A very nice shirt, well-crafted, and one of my favorites.
Great for hiking and outdoor activities as well as casual wear.
Super soft, functional with a great fit, and attractive.
I bought 4 of these, all are 36x32.
Blue fits well (Made in Cambodia)Grey fits well.
(Made in Cambodia)Khaki fits very tight.
(Made in Cambodia)Black fits very very loose.
(Made in Columbia)Big sir blue fits and looks best!
(Made in Egypt)I'm not so happy with the fact they are all vary fitting.
The quality seems decent for the price.
If you want "Made in USA", the price tag for this particular 508 is $129.99 on Levi's site.
Good luck!
bought a medium and it was like a large plus it suppose to be 8 in the pack end up receiving 7 in the pack .
.
I really like these jeans, they fit great and look good with almost anything.
They are very durable and should last me for many years as opposed to some of the lighter weight distressed jeans out there that almost always rip in no time at all.
I would highly recommend these jeans.
I recommend this dress to everyone.
It is beautiful, of a very good quality .
My 6 yo daughter loved it!
Hi-Tec is a great entry-level company for the outdoor enthusiast who doesn't want to drop an arm and a leg on the name brand gear.
These pants provide all of the benefits of an excellent product - packability, waterproofness, and style - without the high price.
This is a great item, i does what its supposed to do.
I went ice fishing couples times already and i was dry and warm the whole time.
I truly recommend.
I bought these yoga pants because they have the fold over waist which I actually leave up to provide extra coverage around the stomach area.
Fit very well and are probably good on all body types.
Very comfortable.
Worth the price.
Material is nice.
Only flaw is that they collect lots of fuzz but most yoga pants seem to do that.
XS shirts were way too short for my son who wears a 3T normally.
Overall too wide and not long enough.
The material is light and wonderful.
I love it.
I don't like the white pants however make sure you have white panties on with this or you can see right through them.
:(
Fit true to size, super adorable.
Held up after a couple of washings.
So far, so good.
But it's not made in USA.
The outfit is cute and will look great on my daughter...when she grows into it.
The size chart was a bit deceptive, I ordered a large based on height and weight.
Only when it got here it is a 6-6X WAY too big for my 4 year old.
Great quality, love the design very kid friendly.
Would recommend for another Thomas.
Wish they had more colors for the kids
With everything being slim these days, I wanted a slim jean without the restricting feel most slim jeans have, especially in the crotch and thigh area.
These jeans solve that problem.
I really love the fit and look.
I do wish wish Levi's would make a selvedge version of this jean.
These are great tshirts.
Not too heavy, not too light, and TAGLESS!
Which is very important to me.
I never liked tags and when they started making these shirts I was on board from the beginning and have remained faithful ever since.Quick to ship and arrive!
I really like these inserts.
I have a backless dress and going braless is not an option.
I'm normally a B and the B is the perfect size.
These inserts hold their shape very well and have a little bit of padding to add a little something if you're lacking in that area.
I sewed the padding right into my dress and it looks very natural as if I was wearing a Tshirt bra.
I will definitely buy this again for my other dress.
I've been wearing Levi's since high school in the 80's as opposed to designer brands during the Disco days Era.
From there I stayed with 505;s / 501's , RE cycled  and then a series of various Levi's styles through a 20 year period.
Many I now have are considered ( collectors items ) never to be made again.
This New addition was a must have for me.
I like these so much.
so I've ordered several pairs directly from Levi's , since the Dep.
stores rarely carry certain styles.
I like this fresh updated style .
These fit and feel great.
Perfect fit, , comfortable never used to like jeans but this is perfect for casual, to clubbing.
.
I wear it for work also
I bought this pair of jean expecting they would fit like in the picture but they are somewhat bit at the bottom, I am glad and keep them though, just will alter them a bit and that it!
I like the texture of the fiber, very comfortable and the belt is very nice...
I ordered this at one size larger than I normally take and it fit perfectly.
I am 5' 10 and weigh 195 lbs.
It lets the warmth in and the cold and wind out.
I would highly recommend this product.
Great for working outdoors, hunting, skiing and any kind of motor sports.
Great fit.
Not able to dry them though because the last pack shrank to about the size of a 4T.
Bought this cap this winter.
Thank god I did, coldest winter in Chicago ever.
This cap handled below zero weather.
Fits snug on your head, but this year who cares.
Good price too.
This is what I was looking for, a non-wool watch type cap that would keep my ears and head warm, especially during this cold spell.
Rather pricey yet well worth it!
My husband travels with this shirt and it never wrinkles!
Would definatley buy in other colors.
I bought one of these towel wraps a week or two ago.
I have to disagree with the negative reviews.
I like it so much, (and these are hard to find, because I've been trying to buy one for the longest time) I just came back to buy another one to have as a backup.
My 8 yr old son needed undershirts for his karate uniform.
He loves these.
I had read that the fit was a little snug so ordered the size larger for him.
The size larger is perfect after washing.
I could not tell a difference between this brand and other over-priced brands ... I would definately buy this again!
Great sport or home pants for a TALL pregnant woman!
I was looking long pants, and I did not believe when I got them, they are long enough!
Good fabric and it is comfortable, and not expensive.
For my 8 year old Granddaughter....with a little spending money I know she will love it!
It is so cute!
I like these jeans.
Nice snug fit.
Not baggy in legs or crotch like the &#34;Straight Leg&#34; ones.
Took a chance on the color which was unneccessarily difficult to choose.
&#34;Rigid Envy&#34; is not a color and you cant really see the color online.
Got lucky.
The color is like new dark indigo jeans always were.
I will buy these again.
This purse was purchased as a Christmas gift for my 18 month old niece.
I found this purse and thought it was so cute, and perfect for a little kid to store all of their little trinkets and playthings.
It is very cute in person too, and I would recommend it to others.
I give it 4 stars and not 5 though, because the zipper opening is very small.
I had a hard time just pulling the stuffing out that they shipped it with!
I'm sure it's fine for little hands, but beware this is not a purse for carrying many things - and definitely better for smaller children.
This was a whim purchase and I am so glad I did.
The quality is very good, nice well done stitching and all and the cotton was all preshrunk so the size is the same into the dry and out.
Often times we see suggested MSRPs that are very high but the item is no where near the quality.
This is not true for this out fit.
Five stars all the way.
One more thing after 9 washes the colors are still true as well.
Love the color and the soft cozy feeling of this next to my skin.
Note though that the fit is a bit small.
My daughter is very sensitive to rough or scratchy clothing.
You know, the type that can't handle even the smallest seam in the toe of her sock.
She absolutely loves this bra!
Nothing itchy or scratchy about it.
No underwires are a nice bonus (like a tween cup size A needs an underwire anyway??)
.
It fits very nicely with a very small amount of padding.
The straps are wide enough so they don't cut into her shoulders.
We tried two other CC Girl bras (one with an underwire and one unpadded) and this one is by far the best.
The bag is very nice.
It is smaller than I expected, but it is cute, seems to be in good condition.
It's not like the picture unless that person has no neck or it's only an inch tall.
It does not come down onto your shoulders.
It's more like a tube just for your neck.
I have been collecting Sock Monkeys and I saw this and just had to have it for my purse.
It is so cute.
What I like about it is that I can see it in my purse and find it right away.
It puts a smile on my face.
these sets are just what i was looking for as a gift for my grandson and was pleased that i found the characters and the prices that i wantede felt this was a great deal
I traveled to Costa Rica and purchased this jacket just before I headed out.
The forecast called for rain and rain it did!
This jacket was perfect because the hood was full and adjustable, the zipper rain high up the neck line, and it was easily packable (it fold up into one of its pockets).
It is just an overcoat (no lining on the inside) but I wanted to throw this on just when the rain started and not where a hot jacket.
The cuffs also have velcro to tighten down on your wrist or you can role the sleeves up and use the velcro to tighten behind your elbow to keep them up.
Quality is great and the price is very affordable!
I even bought a matching Women's Shower Wrap for my wife.
Definitely recommend!
perfect, i always buy Bonnie jean clothes with confidence of perfection and quality, highly recommend it, good for family pictures
I ordered these for my seven year old.
Imagine my surprise when men's shirts arrived.
Needless to say they were just a shade too big.
Just as shown in the pictures.
Only one con, the pant somehow didn't match the size of the jacket, way too big.
bought 3 sets and happy with them.
Have machine washed it serveral times and picture is as good as when it arrived.
I have been using this product for years.
Although he takes lessons, its still a piece of mind to know he had it on when we travel to pools that have a lot of children playing.
Very cute purse.
Seems to be well-made.
Zipper opening is somewhat small for adult hands, but seems to be fine for little ones.
PLUS:Deep blueVery soft, thick denimMINUS:Waist too large.
Order one size smaller than you wear in other Levis.
If you normally have a 33 waist, get a 32.
Length is normal.
This was the biggest waste of my time.
I had an issue with finding cups for a seamstress to sew into my wedding dress.
I ordered these, thinking 9 bucks was a cheap and easy fix.
HOWEVER, I was sadly mistaken.
I ordered the White DD cups.
When I received them I was very surprised at what this seller calls "DD."
They looked like the size of a B cup with padding added so more like a large A. Not very helpful to a bride who has DD boobs to fit into a dress in 3 weeks.
I thought this would be an easy, inexpensive fix but this turned out to be a waste of my time.
Don't waste yours.
these are great shirts made from cotton and real soft,they do shrink a little when you wash them, so order one size bigger
Really disappointed,only for slender people.just not worth the money.send my money back quickly.
I don't recommend this apron to anyone.
I love these yoga pants they are extremely comfy!
I'm usually a 27 or 28 in pants the small fit me perfectly!
I wear a 32 34 most of the time but wanted something a bit bigger.
I ordered these because they were 34 34, the waist first perfect but the farther you go down on the pant legs the tighter they get which is something I do not like.
But I can live with it
I use the glasses for cycling and running.
They do the job without getting so dark that you can't see as you should, especially in mixed cloud/sunny conditions.
The lenses are a bit over sized which is perfect for cycling.
Nothing has gotten in my eye since I started wearing them.
They are lightweight.
You forget you are wearing them.
The fit and finish are first class.
I do not use them in social situations because they appear too large, at least on my face.
I don't want them any smaller though because of the eye protection they provide while cycling.
A great shirt alittle pricey but overall a good shirt.I would buy more but 50 bucks is just to expensive for shirt.
This is a great quality product and is very cute.
I was worried about the reviews that said it was too small, and it is pretty small.
However, it's the tiny zipper mouth that is the issue more than the coin purse itself.
The purse fits in the palm of your hand and the zipper is slightly wider than a quarter.
I still enjoy it though.
It's adorable and I can still fit a decent amount of change in there.
:)
Low price and fashionable design, but the lower torso/waist does not fit as tightly as the picture appears; a drawstring would be needed.The material has a very strong and unpleasant scent.
The smell actually seems like it would be hazardous.
After washing the clothing, the scent still remained.
I would not mind to pay more for the design if it were made from a higher quality material.
These are not 30L.
I compared them with two other 508 that i have and are at least one inch longer.
I was a hit for Christmas with this set :) My Granddaughter loved it when she could dress herself and her doll just the same.These outfits were just as nice as the ones from American girl but at half the cost :)
I ordered these pants because they actually have tapered legs.
I've always preferred a taper over boot cut.
However, it turns out the waist size on these is perfect for my thick middle.
Most 36 waist jeans aren't comfortable for bending over until they've been stretched a bit from wearing for half a day or so.
These have plenty of room to move around.
508's for me from now on!
"The Pants I ordered arrived in excellent time, but the quality...My husband wore the first pair, for an hour or so running around etc., and the pants ripped on the inseam, we thought it was maybe just the one pair, so he wore another, same thing, the size was fine but the pants kept ripping, quality maybe?
I wouldn't recommend buying them unless you're just wearing them to lounge in."
This is like wearing an absorbant towel; it's substantial.
A quality product.
I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting something other than a full bathrobe.
My two year old LOVES this purse.
It fits her little body perfectly and she loves strutting around  while wearing it.
Very cute design.
I love these panties!
I am 50 something  and everything is going south including my butt.
This a great enhancement without having to do something permanent.The  shipping was fast .
Now I am ordering more for me and my best friend!
Bought this for my niece For Christmas and she looks good in it I wish I would of saw it before I bought my daughter's hers.
Overall very good.
My son loves his Nemo backpack.
when he opened the package, he started staring at Dori and Nemo.
He can't wait to start school next week.
He's already started wearing it whenever we go out.
Thank you for selling this backpack, not even the Disney Store have it!
I'm a skinny person and with this as an inside layer, my body is pretty warm.
Since I'm skinny (5'7'' and only 127 lbs) and is not in shape, I get cold easily.
There are several times where I still a bit of chill while wearing 3 layers (a regular tshirt, this underarmor shirt and a hooded sweater.
Not sure about the degree of coldness, but I live in San Diego and the several times that I get the chill, I'm guessing it was about 40 degree or so.
I would buy this again :)
My grandson was thrilled with this purchase and loves playing with it.
all transactions went smooth and I had a speedy shippment.
I love it, the High Sierra Fat Boy Pack is a very nice bag, 5 Stars!
, excellent quality and price, the color combination its very cool (i ordered the Black/Black/Basalt/Black model and it look awesome) and its very comfortable.
It has an outstanding organizer panel and it includes an cd player pocket.
I highly recomend it.
Top is quite long, almost long enough to be used as a dress.
The color of the pants does not quite match the sweater.
Sweater has a scratchy feel, but after washing that should improve.
This shirt was not a blend of cotton & wool as described.
Shirt is actually made of cotton & acrylic.
Very loose weave.
Threads on left sleeve began to unravel with first wear.
Item made in Mexico - where extra large men have very narrow chest, shoulders, & back, and very long arms.
Or it could just be that I have unusually large chest, wide shoulders, broad back, and very short arms.
Jeff Spicoli wore a shirt similar to this one.
Large was perfect was size 10-12, hugs body, no cameltoe, legs a bit long for 5 7, wore it two days and the fabric between the legs was beginning to show wear marks.
The quality of the pants seemed OK, but they were WAY too long.
I consider myself to be of average height and weight, but these were probably 6 inches too long.
There didn't appear to be any petite sizes, so I ended up returning them.
nice for girls um and it'seasy feet and nice court nice quarter to for it is in an out house spills over to Carol's and it out
this set is very cute.
the top seems big but nice fit once on.
The leggings are nice and my grandaughter mixes and matches both with other items in her closet.
This is a really cute outfit.
Both top and bottom fit nice and are interchangable with other garments.Most importantly... the little angel that wears, it loves.
I gave this as a gift to my mom who keeps her house on the cool side in winter.
She said she absolutely loves it and practically hadn't taken it off since she received it.
I was so happy to hear it was keeping her warm and cozy.
The shirts and sweaters held up from one brother to the younger brother and my son and daughter in law both love receiving Nautica clothes for themselves and children for special occasions.
These are reversible, so if a kid makes a mess, you just wipe them off and reverse them, and the kid looks brand new.
They also end up lasting twice as long.
My niece wore one of the reversible dresses from this company for more than 6 years!
It started out floor length and ended up as a top.
I have bought dozens of items from Back from Bali over the years, and I am always impressed.
And the children look super cute!
The color is a little bit dark,it wear soft,like khaki more than jeans;the fit is perfcet,i think i would buy another one
We originally purchased this item for my son when he was 6 to take on the plane to visit grandma for a week.
It is just too small to pack for a week though so he could only use it for weekend trips.
It is a cute design for a smaller child and would probably fit a weeks worth of clothing for a 3-year-old.
I purchased two pair of these shorts for my granddaughter for school.
I ordered one in navy and one in khaki.
I use Amazon Prime so they arrived super fast.
I ordered a larger size than I did in the fall.
There is always some shrinkage.
The shorts have an adjustable tab in the waist.
The fabric is treated with a soil release which is always good.
Overall, I am very pleased with the quality.
Cute but hood was small and zipper already broke after one washing.
The hood is too small and pants are very slim.
Wouldnt fit a chubby baby
I haven't seen this color or material of 508 cut available in the stores as of late.
Thanks for making these available!
I bought this socks for my wife.
They are true to size and fit well.
Very light material and very comfortable.
Those socks are perfect for outdoor and fitnes activities.
They have extra cushion on the fingers' and heels' parts while the rest is very light and thin.
Your feet will stay warm and no sweating.
Note that the product description is not correct for all colors.The black 508s are *not* 100% cotton, they are 99% cotton, 1% elastane.
A minor point, but it counts.
:)
This shirt does exactly what it says it will.
High visibility and wicks moisture away from the skin on a hot summer day.
You will not have to wear a safety vest for visibility when you wear this shirt.
Shipped on time.Product is as you see on the pictures, very cute.I am satisfied with the provider and also the product.
Thanks!
I bought these for my 11 & 13 year old soccer players & they LOVE them.
They look great & really help in the cool weather!
Definately a favorite!
The  outfit is very cute and comfortable.
However, the right sleeve was slightly ripped and not at the seam so the shirt doesn't look right.
At first I was a little bit skeptical about ordering pants online because I have a big ish booty and really short legs, but these fit really, surprisingly well and are a good length.
They are comfortable, soft, and just great!
I purchased this for my granddaughter and it looks so pretty on her.
We all love it and it is as adorable as she is
Arrived quicker than I expected.
I like it a lot.
I got a 2xl, it's comfortable.Thinner than my last hoodie but great.
Nice fashion style, it made with very warm material, can't beat the price for this coat.
Just took two week to ship it from China.
How can you go wrong with undershirts?
These are comfy and get softer with age.
I replace mine every year.
We purchased this for our son-in-law and he loves it.
He works outdoors in all types of weather for the railroad and says that under armour is the only thing that works in the conditions he works in.
It is a very good and reasonably priced character twin pack for toddlers and young children to carry to school.
Love yoga pants and these will definitely do their job.
I am not noticing them being too thin or see-through (purchased black medium), either.
Kinda wishing I had purchased another pair in black(I have no imagination).
I will most likely be buying more, since they are at great price.
Grandson is very careful of his superhero clothing.
He very much loves his special jacket.The hit of the daycare
A wonderful coordinating piece to the overnight bag in the same giraffe pattern.
Just served as the &#34;office&#34; for a long road trip and was perfect!
I live in &#34;floorduh&#34; and these shirts fit like a glove and comfortable as a ocean breeze to wear , on humid days in hot our hot state these shirts won't allow you to feel hot and I love these shirts for I have a closet full of about every color and style .
Can't go wrong believe me with under armour products ......
It's warm and made nice material.
thought the Buttons seem to be the type that will need replacing later on.
Also it doesn't  hug around your waist and arm like in the picture its very loose but can be fixed if you have experience modifying cloths.
.
The hood part will also be small, which is the only negative I have.
I have cold feet in winter even under a blanket, and these are wonderful.
Too bulky to wear with shoes but fine for around the house.
Ordene este conjunto en talle 3.
El chaleco que me llego era efectivamente talle tres pero grande fue mi sorpresa cuando revise el pantalon y la camiseta ambos eran talle 7!!
La calidad de las telas parece buena pero mi hijo solo puede usar el chaleco.
I bought this as a gift because these were indispensable when my kids were infants.
Not worrying about a baby coming unwrapped and getting cold or suffocating themselves by accident is great.
The fleece releases stains like a charm, but the real dealmaker is the &#34;upside-down&#34; zipper, which made its purpose clear the first time I had to change a sleeping infant.
Bada-bing, bada-boom, legs out, quick change and back to bed.
Baby's core stays cozy and there's no rude awakening by a sudden all-over chill.
Also great that a portion of each sale goes to SIDS awareness.
These pants are great for lounging around the house watching movies all day, but definitely not for a jog outside.
My son loves it.
Also the pants are good and fit perfect.
I consider buying some extra things from this seller.
THIS JACKET IS WATERPROOF WITH TAPED SEAMS AND IS BREATHABLE.
THE FRONT IS FULL ZIPPER WITH VELCROE CLOSURES AND IT HAS TWO OUTSIDE ZIPPER POCKETS AND TWO INSIDE MESH.
THE POCKETS ARE ALL SOMEWHAT LARGE, SO YOU CAN CARRY PLENTY IN THEM.
.
THE CUFFS HAVE VELCROE, SO YOU CAN ADJUST THEM.
THIS JACKET FOR THE PRICE IS OUTSTANDING AND I LOVE IT.
I love the color and the size.
It works perfectly as a cross-body purse or a wristlet.
It holds my Droid Razr, wallet, keys and lip gloss.
Exactly what I need for a night out.
Was not what was advertised, cheap poorly made and doesn't fit ANY bracelet.
Do not order from this company - go with Pugster
This is one of my favourite Tea sets.
The bubble dress and peacock tshirt are absolutely stunning.
The shorts are of soft crispy cotton and seem to really work with a number of colours as well as being a great style.
The hoodie has slight bat sleeves and is not overly generous in size so I would definately size up.
All pieces have been washed numerous times and still look new (I wash cold gentle and iron inside out)I would rather pay a little more for pieces that get better with age then clothes that exhibit piling and fading after a couple of wears.
Great quality garments that fit and look great!
Bought this outfit for grandson and the quality was inferior to what I expected.
He only wore it a few times.
This is my first trisuit and I'm pretty new to triathlon but I was already sick of dealing with what to wear and chafing.
I am normally always a size small but am a medium in this.
I was worried even the medium was too small but I figured it would loosen a little when wet, which it did but not much.
I'm a 34b and the top is tight enough to lock everything in place but I still chose to wear a bra underneath.
Good choice since I found the neck restrictive during the run.
If you're on the bustier side, this suit would not be a good choice.
It felt great in the water, like a swim suit.
I found it to rub a little at my inside hips while riding but nothing major.
I wore this for a sprint today so I can't attest to long distance but overall I was very pleased with it.
And it seems to dry fast!
And looks good!
This is very cute but VERY TINY.
.
if you can fit 4 quarters in it, good luck!I ordered this for a teenager but will probably give it to a 8 year old instead.
I work outside over night in Chicago and would recommend these leggings.
Keep me very warm even on the coldest nights.
Warmest base layer ever.
Cycling 35 degrees.
Breathable.
A little expensive but worth every penny.
A compression shirt under and torso was warm enough without a jacket
Purchased Levi's Men's 508 Regular Taper Fit Jean, Big Sir, 32x34 for my son, he likes the fit a lot and it looks great.
This is a purchase we will make again in the future.
I'm 6 foot 5.
I bought 32x36, my usual jean size.
I'm somewhat muscular in the thighs when you consider people my height usually have skinny legs, but these jeans are like a lap belt for you thighs!
Skinniest, worst fitting pair I have ever had!
I used to wear skinny, but this deserves another name!
Had to take them off before my feet turn blue or they rip and I can't return them.I'm really surprised to find these so skinny in the thighs, they fit great in the calves, waist, and groin.
Maybe Levi recently changed their style?
The reviews said they come a little big and order a size down, but I didn't because I would like them a little large.
This isn't a little large.
I hope you have better luck fitting in them.
nice color, very warm, and won't make you look fat.
I like it!
And the price is excellent when I bought it ($71.64).
This was purchased with the Sock Monkey purse for the Grand daughter.
It is quite a bit smaller than I was hoping for but is really cute.
I bought this as a gift for my uncle who is very particular and must have &#34;2 pockets&#34;.
He was very pleased with this shirt.
This sock monkey purse is so adorable!My granddaughter loved it!Anyone who is a sock monkey fan will enjoy this item.
Very comfortable pants and true to size.
They look great with knee high boots.
The fit is very sliming but not too tight and they have a nice low rise.
I'm really impressed with these socks!
They're just the right weight....warm without being too heavy.
The built in support feels great!
They have washed & dried well, also.
I highly recommend these.
A two year old needs lots of things as, playing about as they do, clothes get dirty very quickly.
This set is ideal for children of this age to play about in.
Reasonable price and does the job nicely
A little pricey for gym pants but they are well made and the side zips are a nice touch.
Good tough material.
Great shirt for the hot weather.
Size are a bit on the large and long side so you'll want one size smaller than what you're used to buying.
Definitely keeps you dry all day long.
A little pricey so wait out for some of the sale if possible.
My daughter loves this outfit, and it fits her perfectly.
The only con is the amount of glitter that falls off.
I recommend washing this outfit alone first (I threw it in with a load of my sons clothes...oops, his clothes were covered in pink glitter) but still be prepared for lots of pink glitter until you wash it a few times.
It's not an issue anymore, but we left quite a bit behind the first time she wore it to church, lol!
Full....not skimpy....and quality, heavyweight terricloth !!
Sturdy and wide Velcro tab for closure!!
Allow additional drying time for waistband.
Would recommend to anyone looking for good quality!
It arrived just as pictured.
Perfect for my FOUR YEAR OLD WANNBE PALEONTOLOGIST!
Sturdy enough for lots of "field expeditions."
We always purchase Christmas pajamas for my grandsons and twin granddaughters.
These pajamas looked so soft and cute and I liked that there were two embroidered edges on the sleeves, legs, and bottom of the tops to dress them up.
I had a hard time finding pajamas to match for the boys, but finally found the exact pajama without the embroidery!
I am looking forward to some sweet Christmas eve pictures this year.
They are really soft and cuddly as one would expect a nice pair of pajamas to feel.
Love these pants very comfortable and fits perfectly great for the price I got it for too will buy again eventually !
Nice fit nice looking
I love the graphic - in the sea of Angry Birds, Star Wars, and other endless cartoons, it is refreshing, The cotton is great - not too heavy, but nice, soft, and very good quality cotton.
Both the fabric and graphic take frequent washes very well, too, My active 6-yr-old has worn it for months now, and washed every day - it still looks brand new.
I would trust the quality of cotton used in this brand for my future purchases as well.
We had to tighten up the adjustable waist band quite a bit for my slim daughter, but it worked fine.
She finds the shorts comfortable, and they look good.
I like it.
It matches everything - and is discreet.
Fits my Sig 9mm perfectly and can be used right or left handed.
It is a style that will never really go out of style, so it will last a long time.
I ordered these pants when I was pregnant, so I just got around to getting them out.
They are made very cheaply.
About a three inch section of the left side seam were not sewn at all.
If I could have returned them,I would have.
Don't buy them!
Wonderfully warm and cuddly.
True to size with room to grow.
Well-made, will be durable and sturdy.
A ready-made favorite!
I ordered these for my 10 year old for Christmas but I wanted them to not just be a Christmas themed pj.
They are adorable in person, wash well, and she says they are very comfortable.
I usually wear 29x30 but they were huge!!
I could still wear them but it doesn't fit as I thought they would.
it came really fast and has not faded in the wash yet the books and money stay put and its the perfect length for a short woman but when the guys at worked tried it looked like a mini skirt .
.
The only reason I wear yoga pants and not pajama pants during the day is because if I can wear yoga pants in public occasionally.
However, I can not wear these pants in public, they are way too thin!
Very similar to tights that I would not wear unless my butt was covered by a long shirt or something.
If you plan on never leaving the house, and just want something comfortable, than these are that
I ordered these socks in black after purchasing six pair in white.
They work and feel great, are not to tight on my overweight legs, stay up below my knees and do not slide down my legs towards me feet.
These wraps are hard to find, and most are &#34;One Size Fits All&#34; which is generally way too large.
This wrap fits my husband perfectly (Small/Medium), and the quality is good.
I'm very pleased!
I bought this jackect for my wife Christmas.
She's in grocery services and is in and out of coolers/freezers daily so this jacket was sorely needed.
She loves it as it does keep her warm and the battery life is good.
If you are looking for sunglasses for really bright conditions like full sun, sun on snow, or sunny desert: These are not the right glasses.
Get the other Julbo sunglasses with the regular Zebra photochromic lens.
These have the Zebra Light lens, which only gets moderately dark but gets very light while still having full UV protection and a yellow tint.
Zebra lenses change from 7-40% light transmission, perfect for very sunny even winter mountaineering/high country sunny skiing conditions; Zebra Light lense change from 16-80% light transmission, optimal in anything other than really bright sunny conditions.I got these glasses for:1.
Riding and hiking in the morning and in the late afternoon, often moving from speckled light through the trees to full sun to full tree shade.
I have found other sunglasses are too dark for these purposes, such that I can't see obstacles in the road or trail.
And clear or no glasses allow too much glare and sun in the eyes.
These may be the finest glasses made for such times.
And they adjust to the changing light quicker than any of my other photochromic sunglasses.2.
Snowsports also in the morning and afternoon, but also in overcast and blowing conditions.
I have found that my eyes get strained when hiking, mountaineering, snowshoeing and skiing in bright cloudy winter conditions.
Again, most sunglasses are too dark for these conditions.
These are again the finest I have used in such conditions.
The fact that they have a yellow tint even on cloudy days helps with contrast on the snow.
Another added benefit is that the outer lens has a coating that keeps water droplets or snowflakes from sticking and spotting up the lens.3.
Kayaking in bright but non-sunny conditions.4.
Sitting at my desks looking out the big picture windows towards the mountain summits or frozen harbor.
It gets very bright, especially when the sun is reflected off the snow.
These glasses are light enough in the house to do anything and to work for hours on the computer without my eyes getting irritated by all the extraneous glare.
Similarly, I find them perfect for driving on bright cloudy days with lots of snow glare.The full wrap is great for keeping my eyes from tearing up in windy conditions or when riding fast.
I have yet to experience any fogging--this could be the good ventilation or the anti-fog coating.
The grippy stuff along the temples and nose keeps these from falling off as my bike bangs up a rough road or as the wind tears at them up near the summits.
Though I was a little concerned about having "soft" lenses, these seem very scratch resistant and if I fall head first into frozen snow or get whacked by a branch these will not break.Though I bought these for function rather than style, I like the way they look.
They do not make one look bug-eyed.
Nonetheless, they are big wrap-arounds, and probably too large for small faces, like womens'.
The only negative, and it is not the glasses or the frames, is the case, which is awfully large.
I picked up a fleece case for a few bucks.No I don't work for Julbo but as someone who gets outdoors almost every day in the year and who lives in the mountains of NH and along the wild Newfoundland coast, I have become a huge fan of their sunglasses after owning several other premium brands.
For eye protection for the serious outdoors person, these are the best.
I have been wearing Red Kap work pants for over 3 years now and i can tell you they wear very well and are comfortable to boot.I can't seem to wear them out.They wash well and the only problem area i had with one pair was the right front pocket.The pocket developed a hole due to constant use so a piece of duct tape and they are good as new...
This bag is great for someone who wants to stay organized.
Pockets everywhere, yet lightweight.I was especially pleased to find the giraffe print, as it matches my current Baggalini purse!
I bought this dress for my daughter to wear in a pageant for casual wear.
It is adorable, very bright colors.
My daughter loved twirling around the poofy skirt!
I know this is a tshirt undershirt, but............we bought these to paint and do tie dying with.
I wanted a good quality tshirt to do that with.
This was NOT IT.
We did the tie dying anyway and it turned out fine.
But I was looking for something thicker, all white....that was not so thin you could "see skin" through the shirt.
For an undershirt under a shirt (to not be see), it would work though.
the colors of the clothes are not as bright and vivid as the picture,the size is very small for the age.
the fabric of the pants have poor quality, the material is hard, rigid, i lost my money.
I bought this set for my daughter one year old,but the size of the clothing is too small for the size,The pants are of poor quality and no have zipper.
i lost my money.
The waist size of this pants is ridiculous.
I have lots of Levi's jeans and all of them are Waist 32.
That's why I bought a pair of 508's W 32... but I should have bought something like W31 or W30, I really don't know.
My daughter loves this purse, it is her new &#34;diaper bag&#34; for her baby doll.
Such a precious design and wipes clean very easily.
Socks are a little pricey but fit wel and last forever.
We found them in a store and my daughter kept taking them out of my drawer so we went online to try and get more.
Great purchase!
From the picture, this looked totally different.
it's basically a scoop neck scrub-like top and a shorts bottom.
Very very thin silk (so that it travels easily).
however, even the small is completely shapeless and baggy, so if you are looking for something *attractive* I wouldn't buy it.
If you want something functional and little, it's fine.
Our daughter loved this pant, shirt and jacket set for her son.
Everything fit well.
The hood is an added plus to keep a child warm.
i thought I was going to get the pads with the short.
I actually thought that the pads are build in the shorts.
The picture made it seem that way.
So was very disappointed to just get the shorts only
This is exactly what I needed.
It has room for my id, credit cards, with enough space to include my cell phone and a lipstick.
It fits perfectly into any decent size purse I carry and I can quickly grab it out to run into the store or whereever I don't want to carry my whole purse.
Perfect for me!
I bought this jacket for my husband.
He loves Mountain Hardwear stuff and had seen the jacket in a catalogue.
The jacket material is really thin and scratchy.
It doesn't feel much heavier than a rugby shirt and will only be of use in Spring or early Fall.
My husband doesn't like to wear heavy or bulky items, so normally the lighter fabric would be okay except in this case I don't really see how there's much point to wear it other than to advertise for Mountain Hardwear.
The jacket itself doesn't provide any more coverage that your standard sweatshirt.
It's cheaper than most of the fleece pullovers he already owns.
I bought these for my 9 year old daughter.
This is our first year using school uniforms so I wasn't sure what brands to buy.
I am very pleased with this set of shorts.
I really like the little buttons on the side.
They give it a little bit of style.
My daughter is very petite so there was no problem with the fit in the seat as the other reviewer mentioned.
I wish these came in black since that is the other color our school allows.
Black is hard to find.
It is small for what i had ordered.
but other than the size issue i really like it.
it looks like it is says
I have worn adidas socks for years.
Recently they changed something about their no show socks and I now hate them... but the low cut are still awesome.
I'm scared to get them again though because their no show used to be just as great but they changed them and I am wondering if these will soon follow suit.
Hoping it shrinks lol I'm a smaller guy and the small was pretty big, overal it was delivers earlier than expected.
And great quality
My husband was constantly having his towel drop to the ground because he couldn't make it stay around his waist.
I *did* try to teach him, but he was convinced it was biology, so eventually I found this item.
It is as comfy and absorbent as any towel you like, and fastens together with velcro.
How easy is that?
No hips required!
I only wear this if it's below zero and I'm going to be outside not doing much.
This, a button up shirt and a hooded sweatshirt is all I need to stay warm.
Start shoveling or doing anything active and you will sweat, but that's where wicking away moisture comes in.
I like the 508's with the tapered legs.
Bought a pair at a retail store and liked the fit and the cut.
Saw on Amazon so decided to get another pair.
The fit and length were perfect except the waist.
The waist seems so much larger than size 31 I ordered (it fits like at least 2 inches larger).
Still could wear it but do need a belt to hold the pants up.
So quite disappointed since outside of the waist issue, a great pair of jeans.
In hindsight, should have exchanged it for one size smaller (assuming it would fit better).
Another review had written about a similar experience.
I have also noticed that with Levi's, the fit for same line could be different depending on where (country) the jeans were made.
Obviously, this is not Amazon's problem but the quality control issue with Levi's.
Bought this as a gift.
She absolutely loved it.
She said it was wonderful for hot summer nights.
Great value for the price.
that was the words of my little princess when she looked herself in the mirror .
yeap it is one of her favorite clothing pieces for the sundays and after school hours.
thanks
Highly recommend this hat.
If it has a fault it would be too warm but the winter we are having that isn't bad.
Great hat and I wear it very often.
I had a few weddings and events to attend this summer and this fit my small wallet, phone and keys perfectly.
It also went with a lot of outfits.
At long last I can wearLevi's to work.
Fooling  my employer who bans wearing jeans,  I can now be really comfortable in these soft twill professional looking slacks.
Casual,  but not denim blue jeans I am at long last comfy and happy.
Great product.
Am gonna buy a bunch more.
These are a bit heavier material that the ToBeInStyle brand.
The sizing was spot on.
The waist band seemed to loose it's elasticity after washing.
On the long side & had to be tailored.
The cotton/spandex material is a bit different that what I've seen before.
Not bad for the price, but the way the waist band is loosening up, I'll probably have to sew a cotton tie cord in like regular gym sweats have.
That will outwheigh the cost savings.
Mrs.&#34;B&#34;
I love carhartt, it actually works.
It was a lil itchy at first but tis good.
Just needs a wash.
These sweatpants aren't the latest style; they're the same as the ones I had years ago, except the poly/cotton blend wasn't available then.
The newer blend fabric works better in drying off more quickly than the all cotton did.
As a result, one stays warmer in cold weather, cooler when the weather is warm.
The simple, no-pockets style, with the drawstring inside for further adjustments in size is just what I was looking for and couldn't find in department stores.
I ordered another pair in black; great value for a reasonable price !
Perfect thick cushion cotton socks.
Not too tight; very comfortable and warm but not too warm.
Wear them around the house and for sleeping.
I sewed these into the shelf bra liner of a backless white t-shirt dress to provide some shaping for A cups.
I did have to trim the edges to make them fit but that was an easy thing to do.
They are seamless and you can't tell they're there, even with the thin white t-shirt material.
I've always had good experiences with this brand name - sewed some triangle swim shapers into two of my bikini tops and they look very natural.Pros: you can trim them to fit, provides good and natural shaping, low profile, easy to sew in, nude coloring works well with thin materialsCon: doesn't provide much lift at all (if you buy the A cup size), so don't look for any kind of apparent cup size increase with these
The material could have been a little more beefy but it is a good underlayer.
It will also be nice for our hot southern summers since it is light weight.
This outfit is so adorable.
My daughter loves cats, so I can not wait to show her it!
Definitely a good buy.
This neck cover offers some good protection for the cost.
It is slash resistant, it is better going across the neck rather than down the neck.
I have cut numerous fibers when going from up-down but not going side to side.
It also offers very limited stab protection though I wouldn't rely on it for that.
I have tested it on my neck for stab protection using the knife I cut the fibers with.
You can feel the tip of the knife but the fibers catch as the blade gets bigger an stop it from piercing the skin.
If you were to wear this outdoors it would not stop a thorn on a vine or tree from stabbing you in the neck, but it would help you from getting scratched by them.
Kevlar also has some good thermal properties, I tested this by lighting a wood match and pushing it against my finger on the other side of the material.
Even though it is only about the thickness of a sock it took ten seconds before I had to move my finger but I could grab the material immediately after removing the flame.
You can see where the fire was by discoloration from black to brown.
Those areas are severely weakened and offer much less protection.
This testing is not recommended, high temperatures can reduce the strength of kevlar.
It took a butane torch style lighter to destroy the material, to the point where you could pull the fibers apart with your hand.The reason why I am giving this a 4 star instead of a 5 star rating is because there are holes in it from the slashing tests.
One good slash from a knife that is not extremely sharp can put multiple holes in the protector in the outer layer.
The fit is the other reason.
This protector could probably be stretched over a bowling ball and appear to fit as well as it does on my neck, but on me it shifts.
The front will slide up a little but the back will scrunch up to where it is less than a hand width (about half of the height of the protector).
It should still do well protecting the major veins, arteries, and tendons.All in all I would recommend this if you needed some type of neck protector, or you wanted one.
The issues are not too big, the price is not too high, and the protection is much better than nothing.
I bought 3 of these Levis 521 pants but in different colors (Costa Light, Tandem, Everglade).
I returned two of them due to one defective with a torn hole in the rear pocket (tandem) and the other one (Everglade)was way too small.
The Tandem and the Costa Light are the same size.
I would have kept the Tandem if it was not defective.
Next time, I will purchased my pants in the store instead.
My husband loves the way this shirt fits.
He wears a large and it fits very true to size.
The colour is a very nice grey, looks awesome and is very comfortable.
My husband is 67 years old, is 6 ft.tall and weighs approximately 190 lbs.
I am providing this information because when I read reviews I find it especially helpful to know the age and build of customers who have purchased this shirt.
I hope others find it helpful too!
I wanted a nice sweater, that wil last and wash well and not be too expensive, I was extremely happy by the look and quality of this V-neck sweater, I keep on getting copliments all the time.
I machine wash it, and it washes really nice, you cannot compare this too any of these Malaysian or Bangladshian junk that you buy with a brand name, this is no doubt pure USA top quality.
I would recommend it to everyone and I will by more products from Blueberry Kniting.
Very nice dress for my daughter.
.
Very comfortable she was so happy  when first time she is saw .
.
I am happy with this dress ...very unique for Christmas Day.
El dise&ntilde;o es impecable, es como se describe y llego a tiempo, ademas la marca es de las mejores actualmente
I am very satisfied with these pants.
They fit me much better than I had expected.
I am going to get a second and possibly a third pair.
I bought the jeans version of these as well and been very pleased with them, too.
My granddaughter is 2 years old and loves purses.
She is always carrying one around.
I gave this to her for Christmas and she loves it.
I do wear these around home all of the time, but they did fade and shrink in length quite a bit when I washed them for the 1st time.
They are cotton, so that is expected....
I thought it was an adult small but I wasn't and it was such a hassle to try to return it
I seldom submit reviews, but this product is so amazing I felt compelled to share my opinion.I spend most of my working hours outside in all types of weather and temperatures.
Over the years I have bought many different brands and types of undergarments(including ones that compare their product to Under Armour) to keep me warm during the winter months with mixed results.
Some were warm but too bulky to provide free movements and were uncomfortably hot if I had to work indoors, others just didn't keep me warm.
Many shrank so much after the first washing that I could not wear them afterward.After reading the reviews for the Under Armour ColdGear, I decided to give it a try, despite the relatively high price.
When my purchase arrived and I took the garments out of the box and I was disappointed with how thin and light-weighted they were.
Three days later we had our first really cold day with temps.
in the lower teens.
I put the garments on.
The fit was excellent and the material is very soft, stretchy and comfortable, but I still had my doubts it could keep me warm as thin and lightweight as it is.
After spending several hours in the cold with 15 mph winds, I was totally amazed.
This product works and performs better that I could ever imagine.
This fit and feel is so good there is no restriction of movement what so ever.
When transitioning between outside cold to inside warmth I never felt overheated, even after extended time indoors.
I have washed these garments about 10 times since purchased.
The fit remains the same as new.
The construction and materials are first class.If you spend time outdoors in cold weather and want to stay warm and comfortable, spend a little more for this high quality garment that really, really works.
These are good shorts, but front pockets were too short for for what I carry.
They also were just a little tight.
I bought this and sized them based on reviews, so I hope this review will help someone.
First, sizing this type of clothing on the internet is tough, so I'm very grateful for folks who detail their reviews.
I'm 5-11, 195 lbs, I lift weights regularly, I consider myself an average size guy, and the extra large fit me perfectly.
I also bought the extra large bottoms of the same type (base layer 3.0) which fit me perfectly as well.
I just took them for their first trial run, 40 degrees, no wind, but still pretty cold for a bike ride.
It did what I expected of it,  kept me toasty warm.
I look forward to using it on those really cold days.....
The pants fit fine but the shirt is really really short, my daughter wears a 2t perfectly and it was waaaayy too tiny...it was really cute though so I exchanged it for a 3t and the shirt was still a belly shirt on her!
This is good material.
Can be worn under school uniform shirt without it look tacky.
It is not too thick and if you live in the north, you may need another shirt with this to stay warm.
Since I live in the south, it is perfect for the 'cold' weather that we barely get.
This vest is warm.
It fits just like it should.
The color is very nice.
I can say the zipper is of good quality seems like it can hold up.
You have got to be kidding me.
I purchased this hat online having forgotten that I looked at one once and was baffled as to why Carhartt would do something so stupid as sew the hat in a way that does not allow you to adjust the brim fold!!!!
I have never seen a knit hat in my life with such a stupid design yet someone at Carhart thinks it is a good idea to ruin an otherwise good product with such a stupid design.
I will probably be sending it back.
There are plenty of hats on the market that have not been rendered nearly useless by having their adjustment capabilities destroyed by idiocy of design.
I love NYDJ jeans and when I can get them at a great price, that's wonderful.
These jeans fit just like you would expect NYDJ jeans to fit.
I really like the color, something different from blue.
They work great with my tall knee-high boots.
I would give them 5 stars if they had a longer inseam.
This is a very comfortable &#34;running vest&#34;.
Obviously a quality product.
Great zipper, and fit.
I would buy it again.
I got these pants in brown and they are so very cute and super soft material.
They are very long however and i may need to send them back.
I got a small and they seem true size but even with folding over and pulling up on the material they are so long that I step on them when I walk (seriously!)
.
If you pull them up too much the fabric bunches so that doesn't look good unless you have a long shirt or tunic over them.
I'm 5'4 so about average height - these pants would be great for the taller ladies `there would be no problem with high water pants.They are so comfy & soft I just might keep them anyway.
I have a sheer brown dress that they would look great under with pumps - even wearing those shoes the fabric comes down pretty far but it's kind of a nice look, classier than leggings.
So for average height these don't seem to be very good for workout pants, but for super comfort they are great and the fabric is very lightweight which is great for me since I live in a hot climate.
Fitted, light weight, longer length and very warm . . . perfect.
I wish they had more colors like chocolate brown.
Ok, for the price, I probably should have known something would be off.These pants would be fine, albeit somewhat thin, if my inseam were 4 inches longer.
Pants that cover half your feet are useless for yoga.
With sneakers on they drag a little, so I can use them for other workouts, but I had to purchase something else for barefoot exercise.
They fit great and look nice however I wanted them to be heavier.
But they are nice pants for what they are.
My Grandson LOVES Elmo and he wore this outfit proudly...His mother commented at how well it kept, even after several washes....
I bought this as a gift for my father and he loves it!
In fact?
This was the second I've I've purchases.
I'll purchase then again in the future.
I feel buy this lee jeans.Work just fine.
Very comfortable to wear.Next time I will try other styles.I feel buy this lee jeans.Work just fine.
Very comfortable to wear.Next time I will try other styles.
These jeans have some stretch to them so if you don't like that don't get them.
I don't mind and enjoy the pants very much.
They fade differently though, not evenly.
I have thick legs and am a big person, 6'1 250, but I don't want baggy pants.
These are fitted without being tight.
38's fit me in this style-except the Rigid Envy-they shrink and have little to no give to them.
My main complaint with all levi's jeans is the inconsistency within the styles depending on the color you get.
If you get 514's all the colors should fit the same.
If you get 508's all the colors should fit the same.
They don't though, and Levi's doesn't care I guess.
If there was a decent alternative I would get them.
I walk a lot - some 4 miles a day, and in the summer, so much exposure to heat gets to me.
So I sought out this shirt and really like it.
It doesn't bind, and the material leaves me as cool as the weather permits.
I can wash it in the sink, and in just a few hours, it's dry.
I have a 19 month old daughter and she loves purses.
This was perfect for her.
It's absolutely adorable and looks just like the picture.
It arrived fast.
I couldn't have been happier with the purchase.
Like the tagless feature.
These were larger than expected in the Karge size, but some shrinking inthe wash made for a better fit.
Good price.
We ordered these fleece for my colleagues since they need something light and warm while working early morning out in the fields.
These are very good quality clothes.
Thick and heavy.
They will last a very long time.
Do not hesitate to buy.
It did take a little while longer (about 2 weeks to ship).
Not sure why.
Otherwise, the quality of the product is superb.
I got this for my 2y old daughter.
SHe is quite tall (i got her a 3T) and the set is quite large.
She only wore the hoodie and I like the materials and the built quality.
I like the collor and texture as well.
It also matches her eyes so we used the hoodie quite often during this winter.The pants are quite large so we haven't tried them yet.No cons, so far.
This was a much prettier outfit in person than it was in the photo.
It is washable but the top has to be line dried, which did not present a problem for us.
It is worth it to have such a fine quality outfit for her to wear for her more casual birthday party.
She has a 'fancy' dress for her more formal party with family.
She put it on the day it arrived and wanted to wear it to bed.
She had to be satisfied with wearing it the next day and she showed it to everyone and said, "See my new dress?"
It was so cute.
I wish I could find more deals like this.
Great quality and a beautiful little outfit.
They are a little smaller than I expected but comfortable for yoga and to wear in errands and around the house.
I have found them to be a little sheer.
they are very  comfortable and I liked the price  is and was right after shopping around this was the best buy and well made
Quality seems to be outstanding, unfortunately half of the items arrived in a very dirty and stained condition (Probably a previous return or a bottom shelf item)
love the dress but really not a exlarge wish it fit better in the breast area love the color  just smaller then what i expected
My son loves them and they are a great deal for the cost!
Actually made by champion so it's a brand you know and can trust!
Great item!
I bought this to protect my neck during welding.
It works perfect and is comfortable to wear.
Priced right too.
This made a very cute gift for a 2 year old.
I was very happy with the quality and look.
These are very thin, and very soft.
Exactly what I was looking for.
They were a little long (I am 5'5) but they cut easily without needing a hem.
I now have them in three colors.
I like that these are a jersey cotton material but with any kind of cotton come shrinking and these shrink badly.I am not talking about shrinking size wise but length wise.
The pants arrive at a good length.
They will touch the floor in the back when worn with tennis shoes but once you wash them a couple of times, they look like you're waiting for a flood.
Very tacky.Nothing drives me crazier than pants that are too short and these just don't fit the bill.They are quite see through so be sure you wear a long enough shirt to cover your goods if you're planning on leaving the house or you might make some new friends.
Also, don't plan on wearing them to do cardio.
If you do anything other than yoga or spinning, exercises that don't require much movement while standing, then you'll be pulling them up every 5 seconds.I wore them bike riding and they seemed to do well; no riding down while I was sitting.They are very comfortable for lounging though if you don't mind short pants.You've been warned!
I've now had these for a few months and these are by far my favorite pair of jeans.
They fit me quite well and I am a huge fan of the taper by the ankle.I squat once a week and the gym and these pants are still able to hold my legs in them( WHICH IS A HUGE PLUS) They're a great combination between the 511's and the 514's in my opinion.
Thin, short, and narrow.
I needed white items for an event and this item was not useful and would be too much of a hassle to return.
I will give this away to a child to use as thigh highs.
Not what I expected.
But maybe it would be better for someone else without hips.
I ordered a large but it felt like a  s-medium( extra small).
My Husband is 6'3&#34; and weighs ~235.
He has more of an athletic body structure with added pounds in the mid section.
Since we've gotten married last year he let himself go...(just for laughts).
Really, he's fine as wine and just my kind&#60; LOL.
My husband and I originally looked to this product hoping it would aid in the back issues and relieve pressure of working on his feet all day.I had to return the medium because it was to small.
Since the return I mistakenly reordered the Ardyss Lumbo Men, which has the band on it but in a lower position.
This actually worked out better for my husband because of the positioning of the band.
However, he wants to loose the stomach so we will order the Ardyss Men T-shirt to wear with his Ardyss Lumbo Men.Sorry, I had no real news on this product, Ardyss Corsymen.
But I can vouch for other Ardyss Products.
Between the 4 women products I've experienced and my husband new good thang I will say Ardyss has strong, breathable materials and well made products.
This dress is absolutely beautiful!!
Bought it for my daughter, she is 7, for the dance at school.
It was perfect
The pants were longer than I'd hope and the material was very thin but it washes well and feels great when working out!
Nice comfortable socks that don't squeeze my feet like most regular width socks do.
They are a little thinner that I thought they would be from the description, just a little thicker than a typical liner sock, but perfect for warm weather.
They air dry quickly after taking them off for a break.
I am giving them 4 stars because durability isn't as good as I hoped with wear holes in the heels after just a few weeks.
I was so excited to receive these in the mail, because I have got a fixation on these fold down pants like this.
I also have realized that you have more colors which i am even more happy about.
I enjoyed doing business with you and look forward to buy more colors in the future.
Great product.
Incredibly warm.
Has owned many different types in the past but this has to be the best.
Quality is excellent.
Can't fault it
Light weight, comfy, perfect for long plane rides...and  do not take much space.
.
these are .
great for travel!
Look great, too
We bought these for my boy/girl one year old twin photoshoot.
Super cute.
They run large, as my 28 lb 31 inch son fit in the 12 to 18 month size.
My only complaint is by the end if the day the t shirts stretched out.
Get the matching safari bow, so cute.
My mom wanted something like Pajama jeans so I bought her this.
My mom loves them.
It has a maternity looking top portion to the pants.
It is cotton rather than nylon or polyester.
I guess because I was buying them for her I didn't notice the description.
:-) She said they were comfy.
These are her second favorite pants.
These are now her favorite pants and she wants them in different colors.
She wears them every day.
Poor pants.
She loves it.
I liked this one very much.
Its very cute and simple but sexy as well.
Its comfortable also which is key.
Good purchase!
These are my new favorites.
Comfortable and still a little bit sexy.
They fit perfectly, I am 110 lbs and 5 ft 3 and I ordered the small.
This is my son's 4th sleepsack.
He previously had 2 of the newborn ones and then 2 small--all in cotton because it was summer.
Now that it's October, we've graduated him to this size medium sleepsack and it's perfect.
When he's warm, he seems to sleep longer, too!
I ordered these socks as a gift for a friend's ten year old girl.
She was thrilled with them and put them on  immediately.
According to her mother, she wears them frequently.
I have purchased "For Bare Feet" socks for myself in the past, and years later they are still holding up well.
I would recommend this brand highly.
These pants look amazing, feel amazing, and they don't stretch out easily.
They work wonderful for dedicated active pants or pants to complete your days activities in.
I will most likely be buying these in another color.
We couldn't find a bath wrap in any store that we physically looked, so I went on line and found exactly what my husband wanted.
He received it in 2 days and is very happy with the fit and comfort of it.
Used to go to the store, loved these shirts, but was dissuaded by the price tag.
Eventually I broke down and figured I'd buy it, and it's worth it.The shirt is very light and fits perfectly, not tight and not too loose.
The light-ness helps especially if you're very active (like playing golf or walking out on a hot summer day).
Overall the shirt feels very comfy and relaxed.
I'm probably going to pick up a few more
I was very disappointed when I opened the package for this dress....there were 2 separate dirt stains on it, as well as the stitching from the flowers being loose & hanging.....
warm, fashionable, very well made, runs large.
my daughter is a thin 5 1/2 year old and we ordered the size small figuring that as an outer layer the extra room would be ideal.
The jacked is much larger and roomier than we were expecting but that is just fine by us - she'll have more time to grow into it.
If it helps, my daughter is 38 lbs and in the 50% percentile for height.
These pants are so cute.
The picture is a good representation.
Contrary to the description, these are not loose and relaxed.
They are a trim close fit.
They are smaller on me than other Prana pants of the same size but they look good.
They are well proportioned and flattering.
Plus, they stretch.
I actually bought another pair in another color.
I was excited to find a nice comfortable and inexpensive pair  of yoga pants to work out in.
The material was cofmrotable enough, although somewhat thiner than other pairs I have owned.
I did not realize how thin they were until passing the mirror in the bathroom I noticed that they were COMPLETELY SEE THROUGH in the back.
I could see the color and pattern on my panties, especailly in back.
I can sleep in them, but to wear to the gym would be a huge faux pas!
First of all, I would like to say that the seller was great to deal with and was very professional but the black overalls were a horrible disappointment.
They were washed on a gentle cycle,according to manufacturer's suggestion and just shredded in the wash!
They just absolutely fell apart into tatters...literally just shreds.
However, the seller immediately suggested a replacement after I e-mailed with the problem and got the different overalls out very quickly without any hassle.
I would gladly buy from this seller again but these black overalls were a complete and utter waste of money.
very goodvery good very good very good very good very good very good very good very good very good very goodvery good very good very good very good very good very good very good very good very good very goodThe design on the SensoTouch is quite futuristic, with a blue front, curved body, and perched shave head.
It fits comfortably in the hand, and has a rubber ridge that runs around the edge for added grip (especially useful when using the shaver wet).
The shaver has only one button on it, the power button, which is flush with the front of the shaver face.
On the shaver front are also three indicator lights.
They display low battery, battery charging, and control lock status.
The control lock lets you disable the power button to prevent it from accidentally turning on (when traveling for instance).
One annoying aspect of the shaver's design, however, is that it is close to impossible to lay the shaver down without it turning on its side, and then dumping out some shavings onto the counter.
You just have to remember to place the shaver back in the charging base if you have to stop mid-shave.
The order was not only a perfect fit, but arrived a day earlier than expected.
It can't get much better than that
great quality...fit perfectly...love the material...soft and stretchy...i would like another pair in a different colour...will be wearing them now that spring is here
This is the second Dollie & Me outfit I've bought in just a couple of days!
It is an adorable outfit and of course the doll dress is sooo cute!
It fits 18 in.
dolls.
My grandaughter loves this outfit and it looks so cute on her.
I highly recommend the Dollie & Me clothes.
I already had purchased my daughter an outfit for valentine's day, but whenI saw this one, I had to have it for her.
The shipping was unbelievably quick!
When I opened this, AWWW, it was so adorable and cute!!!!
I am so happy that I purchased this for her.
I can't wait for her to wear it.
Although she is 2 years and 10 months and  relatively thin (only 29 lbs), I purchased the 4T for her.
The waist is elastic and she manages to fit it.
Pants are a little long, but that just means that I have to pull and tuck them at the waist, also she will also be able to weat this next year as well!
I love having a girl and when you find cute outfits like this, it just makes you smile!
I like this shirt and feel like it looks good.
The only issue is that shortly after I bought it, the shirt became stained.
I washed it immediately, but it did not come out.
Based on the price, I would have hoped for a more stain resistant fabric.
I only got a few wears out of this shirt.
I purchased this for my Dad this past winter.
He is always cold and does a bit of hunting.
He loved it and his hunting buddies were JEALOUS!
They all want one.It looked like something was missing from the box - there's a blank space and it appeared that something went there.
After we looked at everything hard and long, we just decided it was an empty spot.
It almost got sent back.
This is a beautiful outfit.
I have twin grand daughters that I care for, this was the first time purchasing from Dollie & me.
Well pleased.
The girls had quit playing with their dolls until I ordered these clothes.
I have purchased around 15 outfits since the first clothes arrived yesturday.
The quality of the cloths is excellent and I would highly recommend these to all.
Good price and fun for the kids, and much true to the size,,,I am very happy.
This is such a beautiful outfit, quality is great and every body gives good comments to the twin grand daughters on their clothes.
Love them I have purched at least 10 out fits so far.
The Girls said thank you for the beautiful clothes.
The purse was a little larger than I expected, but I love it.
It has lots of compartments, and different pockets, and the carry strap is just the right length to be comfortable.
Wish I could afford to get more of these in many colors.
Bought these for our 10 year old daughter when she wanted to be a cat for Halloween.
She still wears these around the house and says they're very comfortable.
She's picky, so that says a lot!
Good stuff.Nice quality cotton... super comfy... reaches above the back of my shoe.
It's a beautiful sweater and the lines are very flattering.
I love the way it fits.
The only thing I don't love is the way it washes.
It says to handwash, and I did but I think next time I will dry clean.
It came out very wrinkly.
these are great except i am 5'2 and they are about 5 inches to long.
other than that they are as expected
I need a BIG, light weight, steady bag.
This fits the bill.
The color scheme means the dirt and dust of winter are disguised until I get home to run a clean, damp cloth over it.
I simply pop my Baggallini mini triple zip bag (my &#34;wallet&#34;) into it, and I have a multi-purpose bag.
Since I cannot use a shoulder bag, I like the non-extending straps because the Town Tote still is above the ground when my arm is extended down.
jacket is great!!
pants and shirt are not as great quality but still nice, shipped fast ,thank you our lil dude wears jackets everyday
This is a very lightweight cover.
I love it with sleeveless dresses.
Washes up beautifully.
Dries in no time.
Will be great on trips.
I found these were too tight in the thighs for me (size 34) and I only have 25.5 inch thighs.
The leg opening was 7 inches laid flat, but it was still baggy in the calves for some reason.
I tried 2 pairs, but neither worked out for me.
Rigid envy color is a very deeply saturated indigo.
Sublimley comfortable pants.
The material is soft and in no way scratchy.
I think they are better than the smartwool version.
Much softer.
They are lightweight but would work as an excellent underlayer for cold weather hiking.
these jeans were great but they didn't fit me so i had to return...amazon is always understanding and i always come back because they have a great customer service base
Great shirt and helps with bearing the desert heat easier.
Keeps it's color and shape well so you don't have that wrinkled/rumpled look after washings or packing in a travel bag.Decent price about 10% below other sellers but order more than one shirt from this place to prevent the $25.00 shipping fee from stinging!You would think the vendor would offer lower shipping rates for servicemembers in APO/FPO areas but not in this case.
We are first time parents expecting our son.
I ordered this as a gift for my husband who loves basketball and I was very impressed with the photograph and the idea of this product.
It is still a great idea.
But the baby t-shirt does not match the adult t-shirt in material and color.
It is much more thinner than regular t-shirt material and the stitching on the baby t-shirt is visible on all edges as big criss cross stitching making it look like something you stitched at home, not a store bought t-shirt quality.
For the price that I paid i expected much better quality.
very disappointed.Review update 03/01/2011although i had some concerns when I first saw the product, when my husband and baby eventually wore it, it was great!!
i couldnt tell the difference when it was worn.
got lot of compliments.
would defenitely recommend it.
Outfit was very cute and looked well made.
It was a gift so did not see it on my grandson
it fine is just to small!if they can make lit big will be better.plus pocket it small to but it ok .
but came on time nice service
Yoga pants, noThese pants are heaven comfortble.
Super soft and light.
Not see throughThey lack any definative waist band elastic at all though.
so I cant fold them over at the waist and feel secure I will be covered if I am moving around too muchI wear the waist band up and they are bliss but they have a lounge feelNot a move with you work out or yoga feelI love them but they are not active wear at all
my grand daughter loved this for her 18 inch dollie.
nice fabric.
not cheaply made.
I went and bought three more.
I wore these pants on a 4 day backpacking trip.
They were perfect.
Very comfortable and held their shape well.
The size was right on with what I normally wear.
They fit better than most other Prana pants I've tried.
these are fun comfortable and can be worn pretty much with anything anywhere!!
I love how flattering and warm they are!
They fit a little bigger but the tag says stretch fit.
They are defiantly meant for people with bigger thighs but desire a slim fit
I love the jacket but the pants are way to large.
I have purchase Dany and Nicole clothes before and they fit just fine.
However, this time the pants look like they would fit a seven foot three hundred pound person.
Not sure the price is worth a jacket and shell.
The size is way too small and way too thin.
Can't really hold much, and the design makes it difficult to quickly access the contents.
The mouth doesn't open all the way, so the dimensions aren't fully usable.
I returned this.
These pants are nice and soft and great for wearing around the house or running a quick errand.
My only complaint is that they are a little short because I have extremely long legs, I even bought a large for the length and they still aren't long enough.
Also I think my pair were a fluke because one leg is longer than the other.
I wish these pants came in skinny leg version so that I wouldn't have to worry about the length so much.
IT'S LEVI'S... SIMPLE.
THIS JEANS ARE FOREVER AND IT FOTS VERY GOOD.
THE MATERIALS HAVE A GOOD QUALITY !
!
I love Levis 508 and Have 3 Pairs of different colors and same size, but this one fits me kind of tight around the thighs, although nothing mayor.
Still satisfied.
The idea of 3 piece is very good.
So i bought 3 sets from this brand.
they are good combinations, looked good on my daughter but the pants come down in the back.
beware my daughter is just 25 lbs and the 2T just fits right.
If the child is chubby the jeans might be tight.
either way i end up using other brand jeans.
These are top quality T-shirts.
You can find one that illustrates almost any sport or hobby that you could want.
Another great transaction from Amazon.
Fast delivery and well packed.
The pants were too long but overall they fit great.
Like 6 inches long.
But loved them!
Would buy again
I bought these for my beach wedding which will be in January, but i love them.
No suprises here it looks exactly as pictured just shinier in person.
I cant wait to wear them on the beach.
These jeans work out great for the summer.
They are a lighter weight and color than denim and fit my husband really well.
We like the skinnier leg and bell for a change from the standard boot cut for men.
It is a bit of an updated look.
Would purchase again.
These fit well on the waist and are very comfy yet thin material like I enjoy, but they are too long!
I ordered a small because I am 5 foot tall, but it feels like they were meant for someone whos atleast like 5'5.
Sucks but I still love them and will continue to wear them- they are super comfy.
These are not only really comfortable but can be combined with a sweater or blouse and worn day or night.
Love the color!
Not the same as the picture.
What I recieved was a blue suit with "ghost" pinstripes.
Still a good suit for the price, but if it HAD to be charcoal/ black, I would have been STEAMED!
This outfit is so cute and fits very well.
I love the colors and quality.
Its also very comfortable as well
Skirt rips apart and is made poorly.
Such a shame because it is cute as a button.
The top of the dress is keeping up but, dress only kept together for 2 wearings and I never put it in the dryer.
im short and stocky guy and these are formed to fit.
great price and exactly as described i would highly recommend.
My granddaughter will love this purse to go with her Communion Dress.
Lots of work on the bag and the shoulder strap is a pearl chain.
Beautiful.
Perfect size for baby stuff.
Never left at home now, my kid wont step a foot away from the door without "Nemo" .
Fits true to size .
I bought a 6 and am 5'8&#34; 140 ish pounds.I am curvy.
Big butt,narrow hips.These have a little gaping at hips but not too bad and no whale tail.Super comfy and I can ride my bike  in them.
They are fitted but not so tight I can't move.
They are also super flattering.I plan to buy in every color.
This is the second time I have ordered a robe from this company and both times they were not as described.
This is a cheap, NON-VELOUR wrap robe that is oversized and way too long.
It is horrendous and not worth a buck let alone $35.
It's awful.
Don't buy it.
I will never buy another thing from this company.
Very good quality, soft and fitted my four year old perfectly.
She has room to grow in this jacket.
I normally try to purchase one size above what she normally wears.
Purchased the Passage Tech T shirt (titanium) and I am very pleased.
The only negative I have is that it is slightly long for large shirt.
So not quite true to size.
Maybe it will shrink to normal length after going through the laundry?It has a loose fit similar to a jacket however it's not baggy at all.This would make a great base layer for winter or running shirt for warmer/cooler seasons.
Material has a very soft feel to it which I imagine cuts down on/prevents chaffing.
The zipper has a cover at the collar that keeps it from scratching your neck.Rated 4/5 because the price is pretty high and the fit is slightly long.
I would definitely recommend this to hikers, runners, and climbers too.
I never found this at retail, so I was very happy to find this at Amazon!
Thanks so much!
He's my all time favorite hockey player.
The figure is Sweet!
Awesome detail!
Thanks!
I'm 5'4" and 125 pounds.
Granted I'm 45 with a little bit of a tummy, but I don't think of myself as a Large woman.
That being said the bottom portion of the top was way too tight and clingy.
Very unflattering on me, I'd have to order a size large.
I'm and ER nurse and fairly fit.
.
In a world of 300 Bariatric patients and morbidly obese people I just couldn't bring my self to order the size large (mostly because I know the arm holes will be too big and the chest will not fit properly)  I was excited to buy the top as I will be going on a cruise and planned to use it in my travel wardrobe, in the picture it seemed perfect.
I was sad it didn't fit.
I purchased this set for my grandson.
He wears it often as I see him wearing it in a lot of pictures my daughter has been sending me.
:) She said the clothing set is high quality, so I am very pleased as I was hesitant to purchase clothing online.
The sizing seemed to be correct as well and since I am a Prime member, they received it as stated.
Great fit, good color, light weight and great for summer!
Love them!
I will be ordering more colors in these pants, they are wonderful!
weird drawstring on the inside of the pant that makes it uncomfortable to wear.love the ability to roll them up and just snap it into place to create capris.
I love the way these jeans fit and feel.
I purchased more 508's in a cotton twill as well.
I plan on buying more, and the price was a little less than retail.
Having put my beloved high-end brand merino wool turtleneck in the dryer.
(Yes, mistakenly in the dryer) I was sure I couldn't find a  high quality replacement for a low price.
My requirement was for a thin sweater that didn't add bulk under a holiday cardigan but still kept me warm in frigid weather.
This sweater meets those requirements, feels soft, and belies the low price.
The quality of the item is wonderful.
The bottom of the pants were very snug and the torso of the shirt is snug.
I ordered a size 4t and my daughter is 38.5" and 33 lbs.
Product is very comfortable and affordable.
In comparison to the traditional, plain hat this striped one stands out in a crowd
These are WAY more comfortable and warmer than traditional thermals.
Definitely will get good usage out of these during the winter months.
I'm ordering the shirt soon.
These are very comfortable and look great.
I love the fold over because it gives more flexibility on the location of your waist line.
I love leopard print.
I have since I came out of the womb.
I'm always looking for new items that include leopard print and for the price, this one is great!
It's HUGE, has lots of storage space & looks amazing.
It's also very well made for being so cheap!
Now, I don't go carrying this around when I have Coach bags to use, but this is my new gym bag for sure.
It keeps everything nicely & I use the side pockets for my diet pills & water bottles.
The zippered pocked inside is perfect for my cellphone, some "girl products" & my small makeup bag, and the zipped pocket on the outside is great for holding my jewelry, a small first aid kit & anything else I may way to grab with me on the way out the door.
I've only had this bag for a few days, but I've already gotten comments on where I got it, and how it's so cute!
To round up, this bag is nice and big (more like HUGE), well made, lots of zipper & pocket space, spill proof lining, made with beautiful leopard print & looks way more expensive than what it's worth.
I am VERY happy with this bag, and since I have Amazon Prime, the made the shipping a breeze - as always!xoxo
This outfit is quite cute.
Can't wait for warmer weather so my daughter can wear it.
Very cute little outfit.
I hesitated to buy from Robesale, because there were no written reviews to look at.
We bought it for my kid's Christmas present anyway.
The robe shipped so fast!
We got it days before Christmas.
It's wonderful.
He loves it!
It's heavy and great right out of the shower.
Thanks, Robesale!
Got size 5 for my almost 5 year old.
It fits great and looks very good.
My daughter loved it.
I haven't washed it yet so can't comment on how it holds up
High quality and my son loved it.
The jacket was completely embroidered.
A find for any Thomas fan with fashion.
:)
granddaughter loves it she wears it all the timewell madeservice excellenthappy with this vendor would order again
This is a great 3-pc set.
The jacket alone was our buying decision.
It looks super cute but also super cool.Perfect for the little Thomas fan, that doesn't want to look all too cheesy, but rather cool.
Pullover was a gift for my son which he picked out from online description but had to return.
He said the fit of the shoulders and the length of the arms were not in proportion to the XL size that we ordered.
However, the return process through Amazon was easy and we did receive credit and were able to order something else.
So happy with Amazon.
Very true to size, if not a bit oversized.
My husband wears a large T-shirt, but we got the medium in this and it fits perfect.
These pants are great!!
Perfect fit, good quality, durable, nice design and best price.I recommend it for beginner and intermediate skiers.
These shorts run over a full size smaller than other shorts of comparable quality.
Sadly, shipping is not refunded, so I lost $16 on a $40 transaction because these ran so small.
Lesson learned, and I ordered the French Toast brand when my money was refunded.
Had no issues with those despite buying the same size.
Not a happy camper.
Not big deal.
My husband says that looks cute on me and I was trying to look really sexy.
Maybe the size was a little big for me.
They fit snug, but loose enough at the same time to not keep the boys in a choke hold.
Of course that can change more or less depending on the size you get.
The size I got was my usual size, but is slightly on the not-so-loose side like most jeans.
They're very comfortable regardless of what you're doing, be it taking a stroll, sitting long periods of time, or what-have-you.
The color selection is pretty appealing as well and the &#34;tumbled merlin&#34; color I got is a nice neutral color that goes well with any range of color t-shirts and shoes.
Bought this for my 3yr old daughter.
It fit nicely.
Skirt has a tights underneath, attached.
Top a bit thin but it's not bad for the price.
I'm pretty skinny so regular fit jeans have always looked baggy on me.
I used to have my jeans taken in, but now that men's styles are more slim and skinny, I'm able to buy tapered jeans.
The only drawback is that they purposely make the waist bigger so that they &#34;hang on hip&#34;.
I've had to go down a waist size since I don't like my pants hanging down.
unfortunately, my waist size isn't that common, so I have to keep my eyes out for deals such as the one I got on this particular color of Levi's 508's.
Normal &#34;discount&#34; price is close to $50.00 or more.
I prefer more of the standard denim blue color.
My favorite color of 508's is Big Sir.
I also like Rigid Envy.For a while, Wal-Mart was carrying some tapered jeans at a good price (Signature by Levi Strauss & Co.
Slim Skinny Fit), but it looks like they are going to discontinue the, which is unfortunate.
I think they didn't sell that well because they weren't offered in standard denim blue.
I think marketing people get so caught up looking at report & stats that they miss the obvious.
If you go to any store that sells jeans, there are shelves full of standard denim blue jeans and lesser quantities of alternative colors.But hey, what do I know.
Purchased for a gift for a sock monkey lover.
She loved it, very well made and worth the money.
Highly recommend.
I love these jeans.
They are amazing
Nice set .
.
the green is beautiful .
.
and the shorts fit nicely ...my child like the tshirt better .
.
usually wears the top with another short/trouser ... but they fit together nicely
I wear for those rainy days, and for sure that you are going to be dry.
Winner or summer.
Specially for young man.
The top part seems okay, but the taffeta or whatever it is, is all shredded looking after one wearing and wash.
The skirt bottom is all unsewn and hanging off.
Bought this as something to use under my perforated leather motorcycle jacket.
Little did I know that this, too, was perforated.
So it doesn't work as a wind breaker...It doesn't advertise that, but I thought it would be a little more resistance to wind.
I ended up buying a freeze-out long sleeve from cyclegear, and that did the trick.Other than that, quality is top notch.
It is warm and very soft, and i sometimes use it if its just below 70 in the morning, and then remove it once it warms up past 70.
Considering the price as well as quality.
Well the price was good but quality seems iffy.I love how they make you look but the waist band keeps bunching up and somewhatFalls down.
There looser on the bottom I don't think I will be wearing them to the gymAnymore.
But they do hug your curves and for the most part stay up.
size XL is much smaller than other similar shirt vendors.
And sleeves have a weird lay to them - like the seam is twisted or something.
Net result - shirt feel weird when wearing it.
Nothing really &#34;wrong&#34; with it - but I dont like wearing it - its uncomfortable.
My wife was looking for some comfy pants to wear around the house and I was looking for some pants that made my wife tush look even better than it already did!
Well I found that perfect balance in these pants.
She loves them and her tush looks amazing!
cheap material, super thin, you get what you pay forthey do the job thoughgood deal for the price
I work in the child development field, and have different types of aprons I wear.
During the summer months (100 degree + weather) the full size aprons are too hot, I tried these and they are working well for me
i bought this dress for my baby girl and its fabulous!
colors are wonderful and size was just right.
she loves it so much that we have hard time taking it off!
highly recommended
Great Dress.
My daughter likes it a lot.
Great Colors.
She looks so beautiful in this dress.
Great quality product.
Can't beat the price and quality of this product.
Bought for my nephew and it fits him perfectly.
&#128077;&#128287;nice taper not too &#34;skinny or slim&#34;comfortable fit that allows movementcolor: black .
i will buy again.
My son loves these socks, but I have a problem with them.....They don't last long.
The socks get holes in them too quickly.
I have these jeans in the denim (more grey than blue), the aqua color and the pomegranate, and I love wearing them.
They are super comfy and stretchy but don't lose their shape during the day, the ideal for skinny jeans.
And even at full price, they are much more reasonable than comparable designer jeans.One thing to note: All the ones I got last year ran large, but those I bought this season in the new print stone color are true to size.
I'm generally a size 6 in stretchy jeans, but last season, I took a 4 in these jeans in all 3 colors I got (some at sale prices).
The stone print this season is too small in a 4, so I had to go back to my regular size 6.
The difference seems to me to be between last season and this, but it could be variation from color to color instead.These jeans are a little long on me rolled down (I'm 5'3&#34;), but most of the time, I just roll them up a little so they hit right at the top of my shoe.
I don't like the deep hem they show in the photos since that would leave the leg at an awkward in-between length for me, and I don't like the look of the super wide roll.
My preference entirely.
Should fit tall women rolled down, and shorter women like me with some roll depending on the length of your leg and how much of a roll you like.
When I want them shorter in warm weather, I just give them 2 narrower rolls to hit the right point on my calves.
These are a very versatile length, and they're similar in length to designer jeans that typically run long on me.
The inseam runs aboutGreat high quality jeans at a great price, but be aware of the size variations.
Sizing on these tights runs very small.
I wear a size medium in Pearl Izumi, but even size large in these tights feels very snug.
The windblocker fabric doesn't stretch much, which may be the reason.
Multi-panel construction is somewhat contoured, so they fabric hopefully won't bind much when I'm riding.
It was cheap and fell apart after two wearings.
I would never get another danny & nicole item again.
Fool me once, your fault.
Fool me twice and its mine.
This hat is great.
It's super warma and fits comfortably snug.
I love it!
I will admit I was kind of concerned about the authenticity of the brand due to some issues with another item I ordered from Amazon however you can tell it's a high quality item as soon as you open it.
bought this for my daughter to come to the hospital and see her newborn brother, who was dressed in an elmo onesie.
They looked adorable.
This is good quality, soft and inexpensive.
I would recommend.
Lovely quality, good fit.
Wash it before wearing and be prepared for a lot of initial fluff on the dryer screen, but after that you will have a great little robe that is soft and thirsty.
I am happy with it.
I'm so glad I bought this bag.
I take my laptop home from work every night, and needed something that could fit my laptop and my "purse things" - wallet, book, cosmetics, etc.
I bought a gorgeous leather hobo bag last fall that, while it fit the purpose, was so heavy I dreaded picking it up every morning.
I decided I wanted something more utilitarian, and purchased the Town Tote (in the giraffe print - so cute) after comparing several styles.This bag is so lightweight.
I really notice the difference between this and my leather hobo.
My shoulders thank me!
The material is easy to clean, and there are just the right amount of pockets.
Sometimes I go a little nutty when offered too many compartments.
The straps are sturdy and the print is great for fall, winter, and early spring when we're all wrapped up in depressing outerwear.
I hate - HATE - switching purses from day-to-day, so I use this Monday through Friday and then grab something a little cuter on the weekends if I'm going out.I'll probably purchase more of these if they continue to release cute prints!
My grand-daughter loved it and so did her mother.
She looks so cute in this little outfit!
I hate that they grow so fast!
my daughter needs to learn about bras and she been wearing sports bras but they don`t look good when your wearing a nice dress nice and soft great coverage
I'm an Under Armor Fan.
Own mostly winter gear.
I was surprised to see many of the shorts on sale at Under Armors web site though.
In the Outlet  section.
Nice quality at the beginning it was difficult to close it by myself but now I can do it is just technique
Weather was cold and nasty the whole season, this is the greatest thing since wool !!!
Light and the only thing that ever got cold was my nose.
I'm 60 yrs old and have tried everything to hunt with.
Some people don't like the skin tight feeling, Mine was like a wetsuit for diving, but I like that.
BUT I was never cold and never restrained for movement, in any shooting position.My temps were 0 in the morning to 25 degrees and wind of 25  to 35 miles per.
This is good stuff.I had the unders for my legs too.
Had the full body coverage.
Worked great for coyote hunting too.
Sitting in3 below zero snow for 20 minutes at a time.
For the money you can not go wrong very nice suit worth every penny.
Got here very fast.
This is a cute comfortable outfit that she wears to daycare.
super great, it seems under armour is always worth the money, it is very very warm and with a complete set... u might as well be a ninja
Very nice looking outfit for my grandson.
Good fit and looks like good quality.
Was surprised to find out that it took so long for delivery.
Am very satisfied with the outfit as compared to other brands which I have purchased.
I was looking for a slimmer fit, but not &#34;skinny&#34; jeans.
The Levi's Quincy is a little darker in color than pictured, which is perfect.
The fit as well as the light weight of the jeans make them a staple in my wardrobe.
I'm a pretty big guy, over 6 feet.
Levis have always fit me, but lately they've been screwing around with the fit.
I have a pair exactly like this from last year that fit perfect.
These looked like they'd fit well when I tried them on, but after one day they started sagging so bad I had to cuff them twice, and they started to really stretch out in the thighs.
I made a mistake taking the tags off.
My fold over cotton spandex lounge aka yoga pants fit perfectly and just as expected.
I'm only 5' tall so I knew I'd have to shorten them, which is worth it, as they're so comfortable to wear and teach yoga in.
I love these they are so soft and long too they look like they could be dress pants.
Love them
Great for the winter in the Cabinet Shop!
Washable to keep it fresh!
Comfortable on my big Head!
Also My Wife thinks it makes me look cute!
i recieved 2 out of 3 jeans and was credited money back for the 2.
The one that i do have has some minor wear on the front of the jeans which looks like it has been worn and put through the wash many times before.
Im sorry to say that i am very dissapointed with the service because the items should have been looked at before being packaged.
I was away for some time and could not return the items within 30 days.
This particular item was the levis 521 33x30 and they were gray in color.
I do love the fit but wish it could be replaced with one in better condition.
Thank you.
I've been a huge fan of the Under Armour 3.0 baselayers and worn them every winter for about 3 years now.
It's one of the best products UA makes.I've worn the older version (blue threading) under my work clothes every day.
On weekends, I've found just wearing the 3.0, a flannel shirt and my choice of jacket is pretty much all I need to get by during the coldest winter days.This new version (yellow detailing) is constructed from a slightly thicker material and is actually warmer than the previous.
I also own the 1/4 zip version as well which I prefer but the bright yellow UA logo at the neck keeps me from wearing it under my work clothing.Do size up.
I wore a Large in the older version and an XL in this one.
The shirts fit about the same.
Nice training pants; slim fit design pant that tapers at the ankle.
Pants are true to size with the fit discription.
Only con is that I wish they were a couple inches longer in length (just a personal preference).
We purchased this outfit (board shorts plus matching rash guard) for our 16 month old son for vacation in January.
We bought a size larger (so it would fit him this summer), so it was plenty big, but my sense is that the sizing is probably pretty accurate.
I thought the outfit was adorable, but was disappointed when I saw that within one wearing in the ocean, the little circular metal rivets (not sure if that's the right word) where the waist laces/ties attach rusted and left orange stains around each rivet.
Also, the rash guard now has tiny black speckles all over it, which I can only imagine are tiny pieces of sand which got stuck between the two layers of fabric.
So all in all, it's cute, but for the price I would have preferred better quality.
I was very satisfied with the size and lightweight of this jacket.
I wanted a light rain protection and easy to pack small, but more than a plastic poncho - fits that bill very well.
I used these for work in Sun Valley Idaho in below zero temperatures and they kept me warm and dry.
I was constantly moving and not rolling around in the snow, but they did what they were supposed to.
They are a little on the puffy side, and the seams in the pockets and on the crotch were not done very well.
I was able to fix them with a little thread and hit them will a little fabric glue.
I would also recommend spraying them with silicone water proofer after extended exposure to wet conditions or washing.
All in all not a bad purchase for the price.
Cute purse for granddaughter who loves elephants!
Strap could be a little longer to allow it to be carried cross-body.
This is a great backpack, it can hold my daughters folders and everything she needs for school.
It's great quality and looks great.
My daughter loves it
loved it i would definitly buy it again if i had the chance totally worth every penny i used to buy it
I have a pair of these in the denim color, which I love.
Though they call it denim it's actually closer to gray, or gray with a slight bluish cast.
I actually prefer this color over blue, as they are unique and the color goes with everything!
My favorite jeans I've ever owned.
They have a great amount of stretch, the material is soft, and they are comfortable to wear.
They are also very flattering on my petite frame.
Great with flats or tucked easily into boots (how I most often wear them.)
Very slim, so long shirts layer over them well.
Very versatile.
I liked these so much I just ordered a pair in a second color.
I don't know why sock makers feel that men's sizes 8-12 are the same.
I wear size 11 and I have yet to find a sock that is not too tight for my feet, but these are extremely tight and uncomfortable to walk in.
I purchased this to wear under my baseball uniform for frigid games (college baseball games begin in February).
It limits mobility a little more than I'd like, but it's definitely warmer than the 2.0 and 1.0 that I normally wear when it's cold.
I've found it's good for cold practices and extremely cold games.
I bought these for my husband for Christmas.
He works outside and these base layers (bought the bottoms too) keep him nice and warm throughout the winter.
His job is a mixture of activity and down time, so the Base 3 are a nice level of warmth.
They are a bit warm for when more active outside, like snowshoeing.
Will definitely be getting him some more!
Unfortunately I guess I'm larger than most women.
I usually wear a C to a D cup bra.
I really needed something larger, like a DD cup but I made it work.
I had been looking for a shower and bath wrap for some time,so I took a chance and bought two ,material is of good quality great alternaiive to using your bath towel plus it won't fall off,comes in different sizes so almost anyone can use it.Just be sure to your size.
I rate this product 5 stars.
Very comfy!
They fit like i was hoping they would.
I got a large, they were a teeny bit snug, but defintely a great deal.
Would buy again.
They're nice and thick and not like tights.
They're a little long and are closer to thigh high socks but that's better than them being too short
I've always had naturally beefy upper legs, and I also do a lot of squats and deadlifts, so it can be really hard to find jeans that fit well.
Especially ones in a fashionable style.
These are perfect - exactly the right amount of room for my upper legs with a nice taper down to the ankle.
I couldn't be happier.
The "Big Sir" color is great as well.
I did find that I had to order an inch down on the waist and length to get the right fit.
I usually wear a 33x31, but in this style the 32x29 was the perfect fit.
If you do not have big ol' beefy legs I would not order these, as they will be way too loose in the top half on you.
When I recived levi's 508 tapered regular pants I was  having a bit of trouble pants zipper and then I repaired the pants
My daughter loves chip and dale.
This made her birthday complete.
The sender sent is promptly and I really appricate the fast service,
these pants fit awesome.
they are slightly cheaper here than at other sites.
I wear a size 32 waist, 34 leg, and the 'large' size in these pants is plenty good.
A bit loose on its own, but that's what belts are for.
I prefer to be able to adjust the tightness of the waist as opposed to being squeezed by it if I were to get the medium size.
L is not Large for this item.Would not have lasted the first few washes.Very flimsy material as well.Pretty, but not very sturdy.I returned this item.
Fast delivery, good price, great product, really love it my daughter looks like a princess with it on her birthday party, everybody asked me where did I get from?
This purse is the perfect little toddler sized purse!
My niece loves it.
The wallet fits well inside it, too.
My boys love these sweatpants and wear them all the time.
Great fit and very well-made.
They very highly recommend.
these pants arrived and were a medium waste (32-34).
They were closer to 32 than 34 , they didn't have the 34-36 size and I had to return them.
The Seller made it extremely easy to send back for a refund.
Seem like great pants (especially for the money) I'm bummed they run a little small in the waste.
I ordered two of these adorable hoodies for my 3 and 5 year old granddaughters.
They loved them.
They were warm, pink and girlie.
That's all it took.
The outfit is adorable and would get a 5 star but....
I thought i was getting a (S)7 for my 6 year old granddaughter and i got a (S)4 please make the sizing chart more easy to read.
Now i am stuck with this outfit that doesn't fit and my granddaughter is crying because everyone got a new outfit but her.
this is stretchy material and these are hard to keep on they fit so lose.
color is fine, but fit is LARGE
I like it thos pant, really nice and cool, the pant are just  i wanted, nice confortable ther color is perfect to my.
Great fit except for sleeves.
Excellent material and construction on the outside.
Jacket had a Windstopper tag attached with product tags, but there was not a garment Windstopper tag sewed to jacket like all the other Windstopper garments I have, and after wearing outside in breezy weather, I'm having doubts if there really is a Windstopper lining
My Granddaughter loves this dress.
It is one of her favorites.
Perfect for layering in this winter weather.
The corduroy is nice and soft.The shirt is made from a nice knit.
The Minnie design is cute and the ruffles and bow are a nice detail.
Perfect to wear to pre-school.
Super light, perfect for summer rainy days, folds tight and I always carry it with me.
As expected, if it's hot/humid out you will sweat in it and may have to let it dry inside out.
This is the best belt I've found, after looking at several that were more expensive.
The belt is supple and comfortable, with a nice buckle and good quality leather, a warm brown color.
I wear it with shorts and jeans.
I love this outfit.
.
!!
My daughter loves it even more of course.
.
She loves Elmo now and was very excited to see this outfit, very well made, true to size, soft fabric and I really love the pants.
.
!
Very nice.
Recommended.
I am quite unimpressed with the cheap, thin quality of the fabric on both the shirt and shorts.
The shorts felt like they would disintegrate in the wash or tear when being worn.
The shorts had no elastic to speak of, and would never stay up on my toddler's bum.
The sandals were so oversized, I wondered what the manufacturer was thinking to even bother including them with the size 3 outfit.
I sent this outfit right back.
I'm glad that Amazon makes returns easy!
The smile on his face was classic.
I will buy frome here more often.
The ease of finding these items.
This outfit is so very soft and will fit my granddaughter perfectly.
She will love it.
She also loves pink.
When you purchased the product looked good, but after the first wash completely change the colors and old around.
The short is very large and have not used my son yet
I love this jacket... very light but warm... easy to pack in my bag.
I bought one for my sister too...  best light jacket/raincoat I own so far
I gave this wrap to my husband for Christmas and he was thrilled.
He is always hot after a shower and this will allow him to get ready while cooling down.
The towel is thick and of good quality.
My husband is 5'11&#34; and I ordered the s/m and it fits him perfectly.
I truly believe these are one-size-fits-all, though I have an a average build.
I especially like that the waistband isn't too binding.
The color of these tights has a slight orange tint, but I think it more closely resembles true skin tone.
My one complaint is that the foot end of the tights is completely open, like a sleeve.
It's hard not to have too much fabric bunched up at the end of your toes, which can be a big problem when you're in pointe shoes.
On the other hand, I like having my entire foot covered by a pair of convertible tights so my feet don't sweat directly onto the shoes.
Absolutely darling.
I bought this for my grandaughter and it was perfect!
I will probable buy the other animal purses in the future, as my grandaughter loves to carry purses around.
Warmer than most, thicker than most, but requires and additional thin layer when wind chill factor comes into play.
Does breathe and wicks well.
Used mostly for riding my road bike [bicycle] during early morning hours and on occasions used while sailing in sub-normal temps on both Monterey and SF Bay's.
Runs small so buy next size larger.
Nice feel next to skin.
The product came fine but there not boys shirts their mens!!
I had to give then to my husband to wear cuz they were huge!
Basically a waste of my time and money.
Please label your add correctly.
I ordered this shirt for my grandson.
My daughter said it is of nice heavy weight material and should last a lont time.
I have a 3 1/2 year old that is smaller than others.
I bought this thinking that she could grow into it for at least 3 years (rolling the pants up if needed) but it looks like she'll wear it for 1 or 2 years tops.
Cute pants perfect fit Will definitely buy them again in different color.
Wished there were more colors besides blue though.
Pants were to Long, and very wrinkled and had lent on them.
When you pay 50 bucks for a pair of slacks, you expect quality.
I didn't get that on this purchase.
Also, there is a perforated area along the waist of the pants.
I would like to return these pants for another pair.
Most darling little outfit!!
Ordered this for my daughter for a photoshoot!
It's very playful but different!
Love it!!
Fast shipping as well!
As one may expect from their HeatGear, the UnderArmour ColdGear manages perspiration really well.
Occassionally, what I encounter in the field is warmer than predicted or the workload is more vigorous or extensive than usual.
I'd guess that you already know the risks of sweating in cold weather.All my winter beanies and base layer down to the ankles is UnderArmour.
I may have to buy stock in this company.
I recommend the #1,#2, & #3 base layers, I use them in combination to give me  4, 5, and 6 equivalents.
This is covered with appropriate layers of easily removed fleece, giving me all the warmth I need in a North Dakota winter without sacrificing breathability, flexability, or being held back by a weight of clothing.
The 3.0 gear was recommended for me by a friend, as I do a lot of ocean fishing in the Atlantic during the winter months as much as I do during the summer.I was a little leary of putting out the cash, because of how light in weight this product actually is.When put to the test, it has far exceeded my expectations...VERY WARM and DRY!I went as far as placing an order for the "bottoms" (leggings) as well and am now waiting for their arrival in the mail.This was not a purchase, but an investment!!!
I like these jeans, I have 2 other pairs that are 100% cotton.
I ordered the "standardize" color and it is not 100% cotton but 98% cotton and 2% elastane.
Its not bad, the stretch it kind of nice, it is just not what I ordered.
So I live in New England and icefish on weekends.I was looking for something warm yet not bulky to wear,I did my research and found this shirt,the price was steep but the reviews seemed to say this shirt is what I was looking for.
After a month of use im writing this review to tell anyone who spends time outdoors and is looking for warmth not bulk, buy this shirt, worth every penny...so warm
I bought this for 2 year old daughter and she looked beautiful in it.
The sides of the shirt threw me a little bit, the sleeves are almost butterfly sleeves.
They are attached to about the middle of the torso but once she had it on it looked better.
The pants are a little low waist, but for what I paid it's a perfect outfit.
These pants were just what my husband was looking for and are nice and thick.
The quality is great!
we got this little bag for our two year old daughter, she unpacked it and loved it since the minute she first saw it :)very cute and super great material, we would buy it for sure again!
Very cute but very tiny.
Hard to get money in and out.
Needs to be a little bigger but granddaughter like it very much.
I love these pant.
I originally purchased them for my yoga class, but I wear them on my casual days also.
They fit true to size, and they're very flattering on!
I will be purchasing another pair!
This was the best price i could find online plus free shipping.
This layer kept me very warm while deer hunting.
Put a windproof coat over another layer and this and I was warm in -2 weather all day long sitting.
Getting up and moving was a little too warm in 20 degree weather but kept me just fine any colder.
I really don't want to make my child wear uncomfortable clothes.
There'll be enough of that as an adult.
These are jeans-like without the waistband cutting into a child's sweet round belly, without a zipper or button to futz with, and no laundering issues to worry about as you might with denim that fades or changes color.
At 2 1/2 yrs old and average weight, these are too large around the waist for my daughter and slide down so for now we wear them as pajamas.
I hope at age 3 when they fit her waist, they will not be too short!
Really good and durable wallet ... I'm very pleased with my purchase and i will be buying more here.
Good Material and the picture its really nice design
This is a great pick!
super soft and comfy!!
but the 'boob' section is much bigger than I expected.
I am a B but i think it would fit a D and up much better and I got the XS-S one.
.
my boyfriend still loves it though, so cannot complain!
;)
The shirt fits and wears great.
Recieved a lot of compliments on color and style will probably get same style next time.
I love  the look of this sweater but the sleeves are too wide.
They resemble mini bell sleeves as if the sleeves were stretched out.
For this reason I gave this sweater only three stars.
This "vest" is really nice for temperatures of 40-60 F with arm warmers, or over a thin running shirt.
Its made of a thick, stretchy fleecy material, but regulates body heat well, whether you are overheating, or trying to cool down.
The neck zip adds the ability to dump heat during your hike/run.
I wish this item had a full zipper, then it would really be a versatile piece!
(1/2 star deduction)  But it gets a lot of use the way its made.As to sizing, I wasn't sure whether to order a S or M as CW-x tends to run small in their tops, chose Medium and its perfect.
A slender, classic fit, but not bodytight.
I'm 36-27-36 and usually wear Small in other clothes.
Recieved hat as promised packaged good no problem with Amazon hat is just too small for a one size would not recomend for a larger person
I like these pants a lot, but I'm short and they're very long.
They fit, but are a little tight.
I wear a size 4 in women's so I thought a medium would be good.
Be careful with the sizing.
All my fault really.
Overall I'm happy with the pants though.
Well made and fit OK...a little snug on my thighs but would fit perfectly if I was about 5 pounds lighter :) - I'm 5'1&#34; and 130lbsNo major worries tho...will update at a later date.
not a bad purchase.
i had bought a more expensive one that i couldnt get my credit cards in, this wallet is roomy and a good buy for the cost.
its an everyday wallet so it works for me.
I bought my normal size, 34X30, returned it for 32X30, which was still too big.
Doesn't fit well.
Be careful before ordering &#34;relaxed fit&#34;--I didn't realize I ordered it.
I ordered this for my little granddaughter.
The colors and craftsmanship are super great!
All her friends @ day adored it.
I am so please with my purchase for this.
Ok, first of all, Merino wool is a great product, works well in both summer (superlative wicking) and winter (superior warmth).
Now here in CA, one does not often need heavy duty long underwear.
These are perfect then, a light extra layer that will add extra warmth without keeping you too hot when the sun heats things up.
Nice here is that there's no fly, so you could wear these tights all by themselves without looking too much like you're walking around in your undies.Mind you, these only come down to the top of your socks.Technically these could be machine washed, but I suggest hand washing in Eucalan.
I am now in love with Peach Couture!
This three piece outfit fits well and looks fantastic.
The only reason why I gave it 4 stars is because it runs smaller than the size I ordered.
I tend to order bigger because we all know how things shrink.
This fits to a T!
I am a pretty aggressive skier.I had a lot of difficulty choosing the appropriate thickness for my base layer.
What is the difference with the  2.0, 3.0 or 4.0?
In short based on my experience with this product 3.0 is ideal for temperatures -5 to 5 degrees Celcius.
If your are hitting 4 or 5 and up go for the 2.0.
If you are skiing in Vermont, go for the 4.0!
This is a great product, so much so I am buying my father a pair for his birthday.In terms of size, I didn't want something too snug.
I do have kind of belly and in warm days this is the only layer underneath the jacket that I ll wear.
This product has the perfect snug if you are not looking for a compressed style gear.
The product is cute but even after looking at the size chart and ordering a Youth Large for my 5 year old only 3/4 of his foot could fit.
The size information is trmendously inacurrate.
this was the second item orded via Amazon that my son was SO dissapointed about why Santa did not get it right.
I really really REALLY love Smartwool because they make excellent, durable products.
This fit was extremely small (Me: size 14; This: XL... still too tiny.)
.
I have similar item in XL that fits loose.
Disappointed.
this out fit was extremely small and had to be returned.
Although it was cute, it would only fit an 18 month -2 yr old who are small.
Fits great.Looks great.Comfortable on skin.Easy to wash.Does not stain easily.Stretches but does not sag.No ironing.
My 2 1/2 year old daughter loves her HoodiePet.
She has the pink hoodie sweatshirt with the plush bunny toy.
When she received the hoodie in the mail she immediately wanted to wear it.
In general she is pretty picky about what clothes and materials she will wear - but she instantly liked this hoodie!
It is very soft and fit her wonderfully.
I chose to get the size 5/6 so she could grow into it.
It fits her well now and should fit her for quite a while.
She couldn't wait to show her new shirt to everyone  :)  I would highly recommend this product.
It would make a great gift  :)
I was little worried about the size but there great jeans and  they fit very well nothing else to say
These are tough pants, very thick fabric.
Nice and long, but a bit long in the crotch as well.
I'd want the waist to be a bit lower/shorter.
good for rugged little guys!
I ordered another as this is very comfortable and fits great.
The pocked is huge and the color is excellent.
There is no problems with the velcro as its wide and works fine.
Its not really a sweater cuz ts thiner then looks on the picture, but anyways a nice spring time coat
Extremely lightweight, stuffs into the front pocket to form a little pillow you can easily pack or stick in a bag.
Adjustable wrist straps are amazing at keeping the cold/wet weather out and your warmth inside.
Take note though, this also will make it sort of an oven inside if you're wearing layers.
There have been times when I've gotten home and taken off my jacket to notice my cloths underneath were a bit damp with sweat.
No matter though, it still kept me warm during the day.
The vent on the back is nice and does help somewhat with keeping fresh air circulating but at the same time the rest is sealed tight to keep out water, so it can get a bit toasty.
I have never warn it as just a shell, I always use it as a light rain/wind jacket and it works perfectly for that.
The hood has a nice Velcro strap on the back so you can adjust the hood back if it is hanging too low over your head.
The neck and waist synch to keep that weather out and give it a nice form fitted feel/shape.
All in all I highly recommend this jacket as the perfect light weather preventer.
I haven't used it in heavy weather so I can't speak on that but so far it has done everything I expected it to.
I imagine you'd need some under-layers for heavy weather to keep you warm as this is pretty much just a thin waterproof shell.
Fit is a little big but maybe after a few washings they will shrink.
Especially big through the waist and thighs
Perfect.
My son loved them.
Reading the other reviews made buying much easier.
Thank you very much,  My son loves them.
Love the taper.
Only jeans that don't flop around your shoes.
Clean and crisp.
Make more colors Levi's.
They mean it when they say rigid.
Once broken in they are great.
I own several shirts like this.
They are really easy to wash and wear.
I practically live in my Under Armour shirts.
It is ideal for either winter weather, air conditioning or any cool environment.This shirt does exactly what it says it does.
It wicks sweat off anybody wearing it.It might be wise to order a larger size than usual.
It is extremely comfortable.
Yo compr&eacute; este modelo de LEVIS por probar un modelo distinto al 501, ero este me gust&oacute; mucho realmente es un estilo moderno y a la vez tan durable como los clasicos.Lo recomiendo y deseo hacer una compra nueva de estos jeans 521, muy buenos.Le puse esta calificacion solo porque son MADE IN CHINA y los hubiere preferido MADE IN USA
Got these glasses after reading several rave reviews.Pros -Great opticsVery well vented.
These glasses have never fogged up on me.LightThe Zebra Light photochromic lenses are excellent.Cons -They are like sweat magnets.
Every ride I've been on, no matter the exertion level, my sweat gathers on the lenses.
To the point where I have to take them off.
This has happened with other glasses, but for some reason, it's constant with these.
Can't figure it out.
Very thin material, as other readers have said, and it's very stretchy in a bad way.
The top and stretched out and was falling down after only wearing around the house for a couple hours.
ORDER A SIZE DOWN!I am normally a small, rarely a medium, and never an extra-small, and I ordered a small.
With how this stretched out so quickly I wish I had ordered an XS.TIP: Ladies, you can buy better much quality yoga pants that don't stretch out, aren't too long, and fit true to size from Forever 21 for $9.80.
There are two problems with this polo.
Fist the fabric is thick than I expected, second it is a bit longer.
For reference, I am 5' 7&#34; and 175 lb and I have bought Small.
The fruit of the Loom Mens' 8 Pack softer crewneck t-shirt is a good value for money.
I would definitely recommend for my friends.
Nice outfit for our grandson, excellent quality, good buy.Fits perfectly, soft and warm, colors vivid and bright.Very happy with purchase.
My brother loves this!
The fabric is smooth and the embroidery is beautiful.
He got a mint green T-shirt that perfectly matches the lighter colored embroidery on the tie dye fabric.
Finally!
A winter hiking shirt that lives up to the hype.
As a first layer under a fleece I can hike all day without overheating.
We've got a super rollie infant that just wouldn't stay covered up over night.
So we bought this sleep sack and now the little man stays war all night!
It's a very nice style, its very nice pattern and fabric for the likes of any person and very nice color.
I purchased this for my 5 yr old Granddaughter - whose birthday is this Wed.
She hasn't seen it yet but I think she and her Mom will love it.
It's an adorable little outfit.
This makes &#34;Medical ID&#34; fun!
My daughter is 14.
She loved this.
It is plenty large and the Medical ID logo is very recognizable.
Theonly reason I did not give the 5th star is because the stickers that come with the neclace, to identify the medical need, came off within a week.
BUT, there is enough room to have the correct info engraved on the back at little cost.
I received this card before xmas.
I found it extremely useful when I was shopping for my wife's gifts.
I keep it in my wallet at all times.Great idea.
This scarf is so funky and fun.
Color is true to photo image and the black & white zebras are well drawn.
Great price.
Looks awesome with a black shirt.It does ship from China so it took longer than other Amazon purchases to get to me, but worth the wait.
I just don't like it when the velcro attaches itself to everything in the wash even though I close up the velcro.
There's probably nothing you can do about that.
Overall, it's a nice looking rag to throw around yourself after a shower.
This backpack is awesome.
I have had countless maxpedition products so that is going to be the basis of my comparison.
The material is quite softer than maxpedition which for me is a plus since those backpacks can be kind of rough.
despite this the enitre backpack still seems quite sturdy, and the buckles,zippers, and stitching all seem top notch.Molle webbing covers the front,sides and bottom.
Another great thing is that the backpack came with straps for you to attach a sleeping bag, tent, etc on the bottom of the pack.
Also, the waist straps on the back are also removable, another great little detail to add to the overall satisfaction of the pack.
This backpack is extremely spacious and can carry alot in the fron compartment, along with even more in the main.
The main compartment consists of a flap full of various sixed webbing on  for scissors, syringes, pens, etc, whatever you can imaging i suppose.
The back of another flap which is on the other side has two mini sipper pouches that can hold my solariffic dynamo, as well as a box of gauze,bandaids, or whatever else.
The other two below it are basically the two minis put together.
On the very bottom their are two straps, i guess to tie something down if needed.
Theirs also a sack like thing split in two, not really sure i could find any use for that.
And last but not least their is an individual place for a water bladder in the very bottom of the main compartment.
Some people havent noticed but you can indeed feed the straw through.
Theirs a hole under the tag on the very top, it looks like a brand name patch so i guess thats why some people didnt notice.
the backpack straps are svery thick and sturdy, however not very jumpable like the stomp.
Overall this is a very big bag with superior craftmanship, and i look forward to using it.
These pants are super comfortable, but a little too long for a medium... But I paid a great price for these pants!!!
Fit and finish are nice and after a season of use they have kept up better after continual wash and use.
I love this sweater,, nice, comfy,warm but it is true that after a few washes little balls show up under the armpits.
Still was worth buying, i bought my size, perfect, not skin tight.
I bought this for my daughter for a sailing themed wedding.
0-3 months is like 12 months......and they never let me return it so I had to eat the cost.
is well made and thick...but the folding part of the pants loosen right away making it difficult to wear the pants.
I didn't even get a chance to wear it to yoga because the loosen up so quickly and now falls off me...i purchased a medium and I am 5'5 155 lbs.
The pants fit the first hour but once you move around they are stretched out.
They are also so thin that when you bend over they are see through!!!
Very disappointing.
Bought the towel wrap to replace an old one my husband had for years.....delivery was prompt and product was just as described in the sale information.
Would recommend the seller in the future.
I put them to the test this past weekend, Oct 30, 2011.
It was 33 degrees when I left out on a 65 mile trip on my motorcycle.
I had these on then a pair of Wrangler jeans, then a pair of leather overpants and finally, insulated chaps!
I looked like a bear but I was warm!
I rode the entire way at 70 MPH and was never uncomfortable!
You can't go wrong with UA Base 3s.
love this outfit, I purchased for my grandson and he will look just adorable in it.The quality is great and the sweater is so cute....
Kushies makes quality baby clothes and this is no  exception.
Although some of their clothes are questionable in sizing, this outfit was on point.
I love the color, it's not flashy pink but subdued.
I had seen this scarf in a boutique in Boston and fell in love!
To my surprise, it was $30!
I shopped around on the internet, found this one which is identical for a third of the price in Boston.
It's a lot of fun and expect to receive compliments.
This is a beautiful outfit for any little girl.
Quality workmanship.
Delivered in great time.
My grand daughter will love the tutu and the color.
sooo cute!
I love this little thing.
it's durable and does it's job.
I really like it.
It's perfect for holding my rolls of quarters for laundry.
i got these in black & pink.
I tried to get them in the heather gray color but they were out of stock in it.
Im glad too bc when i tried the pink one one, it gave me the worse camel toe ever!
However the black is dark so it's not see able.
The pants that I got did not seem as blue as pictured.
They fit true to size and are long, which I love.I am overall happy with this product.
I am of average height & always worry about the length being too short when I order yoga pants.
These fit perfectly (size small as recommended by other reviewers) and were soft and comfortable.
I would not hesitate to order other pairs in different colors.
These pants are very comfortable, and although a bit thinner than I expected, they are great!
Well worth the money!
I love this purse because you can put your gun in and either have it as a right handed or left handed.
Glad someone to the left handed person into consideration.
It holds a lot but is still small enough .
Would recommend this purse to anyone.
Only one gripe about this clothing set.
The zipper has fallen apart after only a few wearings and one washing.
The zipper pull has fallen off as well as the zipper stopper at the bottom.
Not sure what you call that piece.
Just looked it up on wikipedia and it's called the insertion pin.
Overall, the set is nice though.
Our son loves it.
We're going to have to replace the zipper on the jacket though.
For the young or young at heart, this adorable purse is very well made, too.
It has a sturdy zipper and the stitching is top quality.
The butterfly purse measures 7" x 8/12" x 2".
The strap is about 20" overall.
This purse will please any girl, any age!
I really like this time to buy jeans.But,Bought in Thailand with me a little bit big.Color is very suitable.In Thailand, more than I bought the same size of the same brand jeans large one yard.
&#36825;&#20010;&#20215;&#26684;&#33021;&#22815;&#20080;&#21040;&#36825;&#26679;&#30340;&#35044;&#23376;&#65292;&#25105;&#35273;&#24471;&#24456;&#22909;&#12290;
The T-Shirt is tight and short for the given size.
The fabric unfortunately is not soft at all and feels cheap
I first ordered a small per the sizing chart and they were 12 inches to short then ordered the next size up and they are very baggy??
Size chart doesn't match normal sizes
Good quality undershirts delivered well packaged and in good time.
They fit well and were fairly soft, They washed well and did not shrink or distort.
I clipped it to the outside of my purse, and I have had several people comment on how cute it is.
These shirts are comfortable and stylish!
the breatable fabric is awesome on warm days and the colors are absolutely fabulous!
My normal size in levis are 34w and 34 l but this size was very large i cant wear this jean i had to gift the.
Awesome!
Awesome!
Best base layer I have had.
I own a 2.0 for warmer days and a 3.0 for cold days.
Have eliminated many layers of  cloths with these base layers.
I use them while hunting.
Hiking 6+ miles a day in the Rocky Mountains.
Love how the sweat is not trapped against body.
These jeans are very flattering to anyone who wears them, as well as being the most comfortable pants ever.
I now have 6 pairs and every one of them is my favorite!
This item was so cute and well made.
Can't wait too see the look on my kiddo's face at Christmas.
It will be priceless!
Decent pants, a little thinner material and not quite as snug as I was hoping for - the elastic could be a little bit stronger.
This purse is well made with plenty of pockets and is just the right size.
I would recommend it.
Very nice.
We ordered this outfit for our son's first birthday celebration (Disney Cars themed).
Our local Disney stores all ran out of what we wanted and this fit the bill nicely.
It fit well, our kid is a bit big for his age, so we got a 2T size for our 1 yr old.
It has survived a few washings well.
I was in desperate need for a new pair as my others we either too loose and don't stay up or faded and shrunk.
Nice solid black color and the fit it good so far!
Washed one time and kept on.
Only issue is the length... Seems to be a bit too long by a couple inches.
Great "Slim fit" or body hugging whatever around thighs, loose below the knee, standard.
I am 5"5 around 125-130 lbs.
these are prob meant for tall lean people ha.
I hope the quality does not change.
The top was stretched out big time.
The pink on the bottom was coming off before I even put it on.
This review is comparing these pants to the 511's in a stretch fabric.
I ordered 36x34 of both.
This item is very nice, but it's much baggier than the 511's, even through the legs, which I didn't fully appreciate.
I don't think this docks anything from the actual solid build quality of Levi's pants.
I may move up to these should exercising turn out positively (these would be more appropriate for someone who likely lifts in the &#34;intermediate&#34; to &#34;expert&#34; amount for squats + DL, or chubby dudes.)
I  found this bath wrap to pill up after about two washings .
was in hope this would look better after just two washings.
other wise it served the purpose.
This product works great.
It fits whatever I am "smoking".
I never loose or leave my cigar.
I like how it folds up to fit in my pocket and is so easy to use.
I am going to buy these for my friends for gifts.
I almost lost it on a bet on a hole.
Now I don't risk it.
I am not that good.
Thanks for the solution.
Bought it for my 2 year old grandson.
He will not leave the house without it on his back.
He just loves it, and that good enough for me.
I was a little hesitant at first ordering clothing but with Amazon's excellent return policy I decided to give it a try.
The pants fit perfectly and I plan on ordering a few more pair before the sales tax goes in effect.
Delivery was right on time.
It is super cute.
Bag is just what it was described as.
I love the strap.Yak Pak is a great brand.
Not in any good way.
It just bulges in the crotch/pelvic area in a weird way.
I don't know how to explain it really except to compare it somewhat to overly pleated pants.
Also it bunches up around the legs very noticeably and not very flattering in my opinion.
That might have something to do with it being longer in length than other pants that are the same size from the same company.
I thought, perhaps I am wrong, that a tapered cut was shorter in length than normal and was half expecting the pants to be too short.
I do have regular fit jeans from other companies that fit much better.
Could be mislabeled size or something but I can't say for sure since these are the only 508s I have...at least for now until I return it.
I did order 511s and 514s at the same size which fit and look much better so it might just be the style, which just doesn't suit my taste.
I should have ordered a &#34;w&#34; size among the choices that were available to get a shell top that was a bit more generous, but the jacket and pants are such a perfect fit,  I am happy to keep the set just the way it is.
The colors are wonderful, and it's uncanny how the stripes on the jacket match and blend into the stripes on the shell.
the product fits fine but the inner thigh was not stitched :(  I have had to return this product back to Amazon because it was defective.
They are a little thin so you need to watch what panties you wear,but other then that they are a good quality product for the price.
They showed up quickly and were great for hiking up machu piccu!
They were great for cold and hot weather!
The pants for the child seem really small but I did have to send then to another state as a gift so I'm not sure yet.
The material seems a bit &#8220;cheesy&#34; but maybe I didn't read the description well.
Just not quite what I expected.
These are nice stockings, but I thought they would be thinner.
I will save them for fall and winter.
Producto de muy buena calidad, posee una hermosa correa peque&ntilde;aHermoso dise&ntilde;o, y espacio interiorIdeal para ni&ntilde;as...Lo recomiendo...
The Carhartt logo is a bit big, but otherwise a good cap for the price.
The fold up material is sown in place, which is here nor there for me.
comfortable,and tis fit to me.the size is also fit.
it's easily fit my tee.so i like it very much.great item
Maybe it's my non-athletic personality, maybe because I ordered this dress after I impulsively joined ( and quickly quit) a tennis club, maybe I just don't like sports and/or polyester.
Maybe I don't like sports because you are supposed to wear geeky, clingly polyester dresses like this.I dunno.Just no.
I ordered these because my other pair of yoga pants were kind of old and I was just browsing on amazon and fount these for a good price.
They arrived very quickly and fit me perfectly.
I'll definitely be getting more!
I have the larger size and they work fine for the older child.
It was hard for me to find the thumb hole on the inside, and impossible for the 2-4 year olds trying to put them on.
Then they are sad because they can't get their mittens on like their sister.Do not buy these mittens.
Get the bigger ones when your kid is around 4.
Bought one for me and my husband.
Great way to free up sink space but easily access everything and takes up very little space.
I love sock monkeys and this such a great addition toy collection it is such good quality and very cute love it
I bought this for my daughter's Christmas pictures this year.
It arrived very quickly and is even cuter in person.
The quality is very nice and both my daughter and her American Girl, Katy look beautiful!
I felt that it was a little expensive, but this was the only place that I could find this must have outfit/doll.
I've always struggled to find a nice tapered pair of jeans that were both fashionable and not skin-tight on the thigh/seat area.
I'm 5'5, 155-160, and athletic, so &#34;skinny&#34; or &#34;slim&#34; jeams clearly never worked for me.
These 508's still taper and don't swallow my shoes, yet have enough space in the thigh/seat area for me to keep my keys/wallet/cell phone comfortably.
I ordered a 2nd pair.
The purse is a lot larger & a lot nicer than I thought it would be.
I wasn't sold on the Amazon picture at all but the price was right and I wanted the concealment compartment.
I am glad I purchased it : )
Great jacketEasy to purchase, size accurate, great gift.
Deliver was on time and recommend this product to any one
My nephew looks adorable in this and I think he seems comfortable enough .
He can easily move.
He's 14 months and it works like a long pant.
The Tumbled Merlin fabric is a nice combination of informal and rugged.
It's lightweight enough to wear in summer, and the texture and color allow these jeans to go with nearly any activity, from hiking to urban wear with a sport jacket.
If you are slim, as I am, you'll like the fit; almost all other jeans look baggy and dowdy on me.
The cut of the front is less than perfect for me, but is no doubt great for some others.
By and large, this is a really nice set of Levis.
Not enough belt loops anymore as others have said, and something almost unidentifiable about the overall quality tells me Levis is cutting corners, which makes me sad, especially as these pants are no bargain.
Overall, however, the fit is good and they are a reasonable value.
I'll be buying more.
overall .
.
great little item.It shipped very fast and the material is very cool and soft for sleepwear.It is too expensive for the simplicity of  design and sizing is much larger, also, after washing the shoulder straps curl.
Other people have touched on this before and I just want to reiterate so that we can have more buyer awareness.
Not every color of jeans will fit the same way.
I have ordered 3 pairs of these 508's all the same size (34x32) and all have had slightly different fits.
The most recent order, I got the Rinsed Playa and these definitely have some spandex material in them as they are much stretchier than the Big Sur and Rigid Envy's that I had gotten last year.
That being said, the Rinsed Playa is much closer in fit to the Big Sur, just stretchier, which I actually like for biking and being active.
The Rinsed Playas are definitely thinner as well and I don't feel like I am constricted which I sometimes feel with my other two pairs.
The Rigid Envy was the tightest fit of the three by far.
I can fit in them but they seem to be more like a 33x31 rather than a true 34x32 (if I am going to judge off the other two pairs).
So, beware guys and girls, not all will fit the same.
I'll reiterate one more time for each jean:Big Sur: True to fit, strong 100% cotton jeans, should last me a long time, probably my favorite pair atmRigid Envy: Ran a bit small, strong 100% jeans, (same feel as Big Sur).
The 34x32 actually felt like a 33x31Rinsed Playa: True to fit, spandex material mixed with cotton, stretchy and a great jean for active types or bicycle commuters.If I buy more jeans I will update this post to keep everyone informed.
Hope this helps.
peace!EDIT (3/7/2014): After wearing the Rinsed Playa on and off for about two weeks it seems that they are actually a bit larger than my Big Sur jeans.
Maybe they have stretched out a bit due to the stretchyness?
Anyway I am changing my original statement that Rinsed Playa is true to fit and they are actually an inch or so larger than man Big Sur's.
The Rinsed Playa seems more like a 35x33 rather than the 34x32 that is advertised on it.
Hanes always makes good quality basic underwear but these t-shirts are heavy enough to wear as regular tees.
I got them for the kids to draw on them.
Good quality, brilliant white shirts.
Tagless and fit fine fine.
And at a about $18 for eight it is a much better deal then Hanes or Jockey.
This is perfect for me to use in my class room.
It holds everything I need to carry without getting in the way.
Runs small, the pants were too tight around his waist for him to ever wear, and the shirt ended up shrinking some....Didn't get much wear out of it, really
You know, a Levi&#8216;s jeans sell in china?
$100-150, my God, what is this, rob?
USA people really happy,greatly admire,CK jeans more expensive
Fit my tall (6'5) husband well.
Good sleeve length.
The color and lightweight fabric were exactly what we were looking for in this jacket.
These are so comfortable.
I'm using these for pajama and lounging pants.
I don't like a tight elastic band on my pants when I sleep.
These are wonderful.
They stay up well, are fitted just enough and are comfortable to wear.
(My butt also looks good in them, lol.)
I'm 5'3" 110 pounds (with curves/hips) and I got a size small.
I'm just knocking off one star because there's a small tear in the seam of the bum, but I would still purchase them again.
its nice but i think i paid more coz i found same product at macy in $20 .
.
so i m giving it 4 star but its nice for medium winter
Good model.Looks good.You have to buy two sizes too small.For example.Your L = S.But it is synthetic.Do not they feel.On the body pricked.There's no cotton.In the heat can not be worn.this is not ClimaLite.I'm sorry but it's true.Real ClimaLite soft and gentle to the body - this shirt is not the same.Asked to write a review.I have written.
Use these everytime I go out ice fishing on the Minnesota lakes I take these with me.
I love the fact that there is a pair of liner gloves inside that you can just wear as well.
Bought this for my teenage niece and item is actually cuter than the picture.
I'm sure she will love it.
The three black bands under the ball of the foot wear out really fast and the sock has to go in the trash.
I like all my socks to be the same so I buy in bulk and usually just toss all the old socks out.
This time I never got around to throwing away the old socks and it's a good thing, because 12 pair of Adidas purchased while I was buying Halloween stuff  (six months ago) has become two pair and they're not long for this world either.
I'm on Amazon to buy replacements, these popped up in the search and I felt compelled to leave a rating.
Bought 2 of these for my son.
He really likes them.
They are light/medium weight so good for wearing about 80% of the time here in the North East US.
These are well build and have pockets which not all have.
These are a good value for the money!
Very practical sleep solution for baby who has outgrown swaddling.
Warm, allows enough wiggle room for the wriggly baby.
Washes well.
I gave this to my husband for his birthday.
We both love it!
He loves the fit and comfort and I love the fact that I do not need to iron it!
I love all of the UA shirts.
We got this swimsuit for our 2 year old but quickly found that it has no rollover protection.
The swimsuit tended to push her into a face down vertical position, she needed to be held constantly which defeated the purpose of a floating swimsuit.
We got rid of the swimsuit and replaced it with good old inflatable armbands.
nice product got these for my fianc&eacute; for our wedding on the beach she loves them they fit good and look pretty would recommend
I bought this dress for my daughter to wear to a wedding this summer.
It's just lovely on her!!
The fit is great!
The flower accent is a nice touch.
Very good quality.
The fit of the hoodie is fine, but the hood and the pockets are small.
And when I say small, I mean hugging your head so your face is the only thing you can see.
Think Finn the Human from adventure time.
But it's soft and nice.
For the price this is an ok buy although would have expected the suit to be warmer and a thicker fabric.
The pants were long for my 2yo.
The zipper broke after only a few wears.
This bath skirt is exactly what I had been looking for.
It washes well and is thick.
My son loves it.
Just what my husband wanted, he has beenusing these wraps for years.
His last twofinally wore out.Washes beautifully and keeps its shape
This outfit was ok, it looks chip, and the sandals were too big but very big, size of the shirt and short was ok.
Earlier this month I purchased the Hidees for my daughter who is in Kindergarten.
She loves them!
They are perfect under dresses and skirts.
They fit true to size and if anything I would recommend bumping up a size if you aren't sure.
The colors are super cute and the ruffle is not too puffy.
Absolutely will purchase again!
My son likes these &#34;slicky&#34; shirts as he calls them.
Perfect for summer or as an undershirt.
Fit as expected.
When I was growing up (I'm 39 now), 34AA bras seemed common, and were easy to find in stores (in the girls' departments, that is).
Now, no store seems to carry them.
I'm glad to have found this one... so this size still DOES exist.
Also, it sure beats paying 3-4 times as much for Victoria's Secret bra, and having to stuff it with gel pads to make it &#34;fit&#34;.
I hope they don't stop making these.
These bloomers are just perfect.
My daughter loves to wear dresses and these are just what an active girl needs.
They look so cute under dresses with those ruffles.
I will be buying more colors.
I'm nearly 5'7&#34; with an athletic build, meaning bulky muscle but fit, and 155 lbs.
I have large calves, muscular thighs and an ample bottom.
As a result, I never ever wear workout pants that are fitted like this.
But recently joining the local volleyball league made me realize my lulu lemon grooves were keeping me from wearing my knee pads with sufficient protection and I saw a friend, skinny and petite, wearing knee length compression pants.
I decided to give the Spanx ones a try and found a cute LLL tops that were long enough to cover my butt.
I love them!
They look good, suck everything in, have a high waist that holds in the tummy and sculpts the waist, plus they are not shiny, and you can't see your panties through them.
They also feel realllllllly good!
So for Xmas I asked for the long version, and they don't disappoint either.
I almost didn't give 5 stars just because the waist sometimes has to be folded back up, especially with all the bending over in barre classes, but this isn't a big problem.
They also look great under a sweater dress or long tunic sweater with tall boots.
I'm getting lots of use out of them!
Great buy!
I only wore these pants twice and washed once and they already have the worn out feel between my thighs.
I wouldnt buy them again.
A week ago I would've given the Halo Sleepsacks 5 stars.
It's soft, fits good, and it's warm but not too hot.
Then the other night I checked on my son and his sleepsack was sparking.
As I went to remove it it lit up like fireworks on the 4th of July.
If you're not concerned with your child getting constant static shocks then go ahead and buy it.
So far so good.
I like the material and so far the color has not faded after several washes.
THis is important since I am currently in Afghanistan.
The pants are much thinner than I expected and the seams already came apart by the knee.
This was prior to me washing them.
A little disappointed by the quality.
I ordered this little pocketbook for my great niece, she is 3 yrs old and now she has this pocketbook loaded with all things needed to go shopping with mommy.
I was told that she ran all around the house finding the items needed to go shopping and told her mommy that she was ready, lets goooooooo!!
I rated this a 5 it is made of good quality and just right for the little shopper.
These pants are SUPER comfortable, but the waist band/area is loose so it kind of bags a bit at the top.
I tried working out in them and the top was moving all around.
But these are great lounge pants.
The fabric is slightly transparent.
You could see my underwear from the back.
Great price, great pants!
Quick service!
Material is good and washes well.
Fold over top keeps pants in place easily.
Very happy with this purchase.
I actually ordered 2 more pairs!
not as tight on the machines (my runners legs) as the 511s but narrower in the lower leg than my 514s.
I'll get another pair in another color or wash for sure.
I work in the North Dakota oil field.
I absolutely love base 3.
Soft and fits well.
Constructed well.
Seams do not rub skin raw.
Sleeves are long enough.
This is pretty much Chinese garbage.
I bought several items from this company and they range from &#34;you get what you pay for&#34; to un-useable crap.
All are shipped directly from China so returns, realistically, are not an option.
Three of the nighties I ordered had ribbon, as in cheap gift wrap type ribbon, for the shoulder straps.
However, one of them had decent straps.
One item was very small, as in 10 year old child size, and had much larger panties with it.
No rhyme or reason to their sizing or quality.
All made from the cheapest materials imaginable.
You have been warned.
Also, and very important, they offer a &#34;special gift&#34; if you leave them positive feedback.
Can you say unethical scammers?
I knew you could.
Really cute monkey, and pretty small.
We bought this for our granddaugther, who is into sock monkeys.
She loved it!
Stance makes some cool socks This is one of my favorite styles.
I wish more styles were available via Amazon Prime.
Gave it as a gift and think it's perfect for a little lady!
I would recommend this item to others
i used to buy 501s or 505s and take them home and taper them myself.
problem is i get really busy, and i walk around in my levi's that look all baggy near the feet!
problem solved!
the 508s are PERFECT without taking up any time to alter them!
YAY!
they are so cool i can spot them on others, i ask, and sure enough, always right.
YAY LEVI'S!
please keep making this style!
i love the colours, i have 4 different colours!
WARNING the BLACK ONLY have 1% stretch in the fabric even though it does not mention it in their description on amazon.
it feels like so much stretch, you really have to order 1&#34; smaller in the waist than the other colours, and they will be a wee bit shorter in the black too.
I previously bought a small in black so knew what to expect.
The are a little longer than the black pair and tend to stretch out.
For some reason the black fits better than the charcoal.
Excelente calidad la de estos sostenes, los uso a diario porque no tienen ballena, me encantan, los colores son los que salen aqui en la pagina web, ajustan perfecto segun la talla indicada.
Great purchase - Great price - and a very nice looking jacket.
I wear this all the time - it is very warm and it looks and feels great.
Good quality, has held up well for over a year.
This was one of my daughter's favorite gifts she got for X-Mas last year.
I wish there were more versions of it for Santa to bring this year.
We have a few Sleep sacks, but my four month old really won't sleep in his crib unless he's in this fleece one.
It's warm and soft, but not so warm that he is sweaty in the mornings.
I appreciate the inverted zipper.
It allows me to perform those 2 a.m. diaper changes without waking him too badly.
Another reviewer mentioned that they thought the arm holes were too snug.
They are a little more trim in that area than most of my baby's clothes, but I am guessing this is probably a safety feature to be sure they don't accidentally get their arms trapped inside of it at night.
They are definitely not so snug on my 15 lb.
baby that they are a problem or anything.
He's wearing his Sleep Sack right now, and has been every night this week!
The material is much thinner and appears to be not made for 'Trail Roam'r -ing&#34; than the original short (which I have 4 pair).
These &#34;newer&#34; shorts will not last long and are cut much larger.
Disappointing.
At one time, these were the best shorts Ex-O made.
The sock is really cute and comfortable.
I wore them with Merrel hiking boots and they performed well.
I like the fact they are not overly bulky.
I don't intend them to be for  cold weather.
These were at great price for very nice yoga pants.
It seems deceptive to call them &#34; lounge pants&#34;.
They are soft.
Nice and thick socks which make it a good quality.
Colors were nice but logo does not stand out as much as I wanted, but overall nice
I really liked the fabric and the design.
The size might have been a little on the small side, otherwise great!
A little tighter than I had expected but it's quality makes up for that.
I'll just lose some weight.
Fast shipping.Overall great.
I'm a large muscular broad-shouldered 6'2 guy and this shirt fit great.It is very comfortable and easy to care for.I will buy more in varying colors.
Very cool costumeperfect for the fall and springlooks very stylish, for little fashionistasthe size corresponds written .
My boyfriend likes this light jacket I gave him for Christmas.
For the price you can't beat it.
The last one he had was a different brand and had a mesh lining so it didn't stick to your skin, which he prefers I think but those are very expensive.
It's totally unusable.
Trust me, it will destroy your wonderful night with your partner.
We never try it on because it is very small and fragile.
I was worried because the reviews mentioned that they might run long.
I'm about 5'4&#34;, and while they run long-ish, they're not dragging around everywhere.
They're actually a good length for wearing at home, though with sneakers/on errands they might get dirty from being stepped on.The waistband is pretty comfortable.
I assumed the stretchy material (without an elastic band) would mean they would start sagging like crazy after a few wears and would start sliding down, but I've been wearing them as PJ and lounge pants (aka I wear them for hours a day, multiple days in a row) and the way they're made, they have stayed comfy the entire time.
This might only be true for the &#34;dark brown&#34; color, since that is the color I own.
[I mention this because for some companies, the fabric they use for different &#34;colors&#34; is sometimes an entirely different fabric blend.
I have no idea about the other colors!]
I have been having trouble keeping the waistband folded over &#34;prettily&#34;, so sometimes I'll wear them with the waistband up--and they look a bit silly this way.
With the waistband up, the top of the pants start approx at my natural waist.
They're actually pretty comfortable like this, in a 90s-high-waisted-jean way.
I though that It was the same size to replace an old pair of levis jeans.
Obviously, I was WRONG.
To tight!!!
Fits and looks good.
No problem with item.
Daughter wears with dresses and it goes well with them.Would buy again.
Goes too big.
I could not use it for my daughter.
Will have to wait 'til she grows a bit more.
But is well made and stylish.
I just got this today and when I put it on it was kind of small.
I'm a small Asian girl but this didn't seem to fit right.
The bust area looked weird and the pink frills didn't match how it looked in the pictures.
The panties were to small for me.
Regardless its still really cute :D Just wish it fit right.
My daughter is 9 years and I bought a 10 size, she is a little bit tall and thin.
It fit perfectly, she looks like a princess.
The stones in the dress are just glue to it, it probably wont last long.
I have to wash it by hand.
The comfort and material of these pants are really nice.
I only wish the legs of the pants were a little less baggy.
The size medium seems to run a little large.
I wish the legs of the pant were less baggy.
I do really like the length though.
Overall I am pretty happy with these pants.
For the money, it can't be beat.
It is warm, dry, and very comfortable.
In 20 degree weather I wore it under my coat with no other shirt.
These shirts were a good value, they fit, they are confortable, the fabric is par for the course as i will be wearing them underneath some shirts and just on theirnown in the summer.
Bad quality, had several mistakes in the seam of the pants.Now they are ripped and I have barely worn them.
It's super frustrating.
The purchase was for my granddaughter who was delighted with the purse and quite taken with the bright colours.
The only limitation that I see is that the purse does not expand a great deal on opening.
However, it appeared to be at least sufficent for a very small hand.
This is an adorable outfit for a little girl, except the skirt is very very short!
I would recommend ordering a size bigger then the child wears so that the skirt fits a little more modestly.
I have a serious problem with her butt showing everytime she walks!
other then that its a great outfit!
These Jeans fit perfect, feel comfortable and the color is awesome!
You can't go wrong with a pair of Levis.You must wash them inside out with cold water and hang dry them in order to keep then fresh
I bought these for my son.
He loves them.
What can I say?
They are Levi's, and they don't make bad quality.
These came with holes where the seams are.
Poor quality.
They are not soft and oddly misshaped.
In addition, if you want to return them, you pay for it and you send it...that would almost be the cost of what I paid for them, no thanks.
Horrible service.
I do not recommend.
I got these for my husband and he loves them!!
they def make you look a like youve put on 50lbs but no one is going to win a beauty pageant while hunting!
He says theyr lose where they need to be, and very warm.
He does HVAC for a living and is outside and under houses a lot and says these give him plenty of room to army crawl also are easy to put on.
Received this jacket as a Christmas present in 2010.
Keeps me warm and dry everything that a jacket should.
ONLY small complaints are as follows.
- Base jacket is not fleece.
Would have prefered a fleece liner.
This one makes me nervous to wear alone, I'm afraid I'll rip it or snag it on something.
- Sweat.
This jacket has pit zips and they work OK, but if you're workign hard (shoveling a LOT of snow in my case) be warned, you will sweat.
Maybe I didn't open the pit zips up in time, I don't know.
But the jacket was worthless to me after a half hour of shoveling.
This was a birthday gift for my nieces little boy who turned 4 this year.
He loved it, especially the jacket!
This outfit looks true to size and has a very comfy feel.
the pants are like stretchy pants, but for boys.
They will be perfect for road or plane trips when comfort is key.
The t-shirt is super soft and there is a piece of fabric behind the dog appliqu&eacute; so it won't irritate my son's skin.
The pants run a little long, but not more than an 1 1/2&#34; more than his other size 2Ts.
There is also an internal belt.
I would definitely order from this line again.
Well crafted, good design and it feels great.It's basically all i'm wearing this summer.That's it.
What...you want more?
It's a piece of fabric you wrap around yourself...either it works or it don't.
This...it works awesome.
I purchased this shirt for my thirteen year old son.
He is very happy with it and wears it often.
It is a fun, bright yellow-greenish color.
I bought the X-large size to allow for some shrinking as it is 100% cotton.
The shirts are very soft.
No irritating tags.
And the opening fits over my sons big head.
Will definitely buy more.
Bought this jacket for backpacking part of the AT.
Not only was it used to keep me extremely dry on the last day, but I had to use it one night to keep warm.
I almost didn't buy this jacket based on the other reviews.
This sizing was perfect unlike other reviews.
It probably doesn't vent well but I didn't want a jacket that did.
I highly recommend this product.
It worked so well on my trip that one of my hiking buddies bought the same one as soon as we returned.
I bought this for my grandson.
He loves the color  purple and of course  most purple clothes are girls.
Well this jacket is perfect, he loves it.
It is very boy looking and fits him so nicely.
I ran a sharp knife across this using moderate pressure, and it held up great.
No damage to the material.
I bought this item for my wife and she really loves them.She is so proud of them.
Personally I love the dress.
It's very nice, simply put.
The waistband on these is way too loose.
It doesn't have enough elastic, so they will never fit my daughter.
This pullover is very nice looking and it's comfortable to wear.
I use it on the golf course when it's chilly or if it starts to rain.
It's lasted well through many washes, and my daughter loves wearing it.
Looks super cute, too.
Would definitely recommend.
:)
nicely made good looking little purse for any child.especially lovers of mini mouse vry happy with this purchase t y
Cannot say enough good things about this item.
My daughter looked adorable in it on Thanksgiving!
Everyone was complimenting her and saying how cute she looked.
The material was comfortable for her to wear and run around in, and it was incredibly well made.
I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants their child to look cute and festive on Thanksgiving or simply during the fall season.
I like this products, my children are so happy with this clothes.
It is a very quality clothes, i recommend it
Very stylish & comfortable.
Goes well with any outfit!
Same as in the image.
Lightweight.
Love the brown color & I'm sure the other colors will be equally great!
Must have one!
11/5/13 - I'm changing my review to 5 stars because Halo customer service has been awesome and they are sending me a replacement and asking me to return the problem one so that they can investigate the defective zipper.
Thank you Halo!!!
10/30/13 - I am a fan of the Halo sleepers and have two cotton ones and another fleece one but I never had the problem I'm having with this particular sack...not sure if it's just defective or what but the zipper keeps separating on the top which makes me worry for my baby's safety.
Tea Collection always puts together wonderful sets, and this is one of the best!
The twirly dress fits my daughter wonderfully.
I love that the pants and dresses all compliment one another, it's easy to put together mix and match outfits!
This is a great product, but being short, this hangs below my knees.
Am getting it shortened.
Other than that, it's fine.
I love this outfit, and it was definitely worth the risk (buying online) and price.
It came very quickly, it was nicely packaged, and the quality is much better than I expected.
The jacket has a very flattering cut, and the (separable) shell is useful in other outfit combinations.
The pants are a little ... revealing ... but once I lose a little more weight, they'll be wearable as well.
I bought two pairs of these coveralls for my grandsons.
They were too cute!
I loved them.
I would definitely buy them again.
I needed comfortable pants to wear for a new job that requires me to be on the road alot!
I was looking for comfort and a flattering fit.
These pants are thin , soft and flattering!
The length is perfect for ne although im short.
Im 5'2 and weigh 118lbs.
I got size Small.
I got these pants in both grey and black.
The grey fit bigger then the black.
If I gain 5lbs the black wouldn't work for me.
Probably could have got medium in black.The price was great and im very pleased!
Will be ordering other colors
The three pack is a good value, but the cotton is a bit thin.
The cut is fairly boxy, and also fairly short.
This fits perfectly and looks more high end than I had anticipated.
It is nice quality and looks just amazing!!!
It is definitely worth ordering, especially at such a cheap price.
The buttons on the hoodie are kind of cheap, and the faux fur lining wasn't attached to the seam in the most elegant way, but that may just be the nitpicker in me because my brother absolutely loved it and didn't seem bothered by those things at all.
He wears it all the time now.
Based on that and based on the fact that it really is a very stylish hoodie and had very expedient shipping considering it was coming from China, I'm giving it 4 stars.
It looks great it fits nicely very breathable overall a great product but you deff.
need to get the black version and the matching shorts
Zero fogging at 85 degrees and 75% humidity while climbing and while stopped, I couldn't believe it.
The lens has a rubbery texture to it, very flexible.
The fit is unique in that the glasses are pretty far from your face and that allows a lot of air around the lens.
I also thought the photo chromatic feature was awesome when riding in the shaded areas to the open areas under full sun.
They fit easily under my helmet strap as well.
I purchased them as used through Amazon with a like new rating and they were perfect.
I bought these jeans for my boyfriend and it fits him perfectly, the material seems very strong and he says they're very comfortable
They are incredibly warm and fit perfectly.
They make your booty look amazing and give you an effortless look when worn right.
I purchased this outfit for my 7 1/2 year old granddaughter.
She absolutely loves it.
I am a grown woman who has a very hard time finding bras that fit.
This is the only one I've found that is made decently and covers the nipples.
Most teen bras are over-padded or cheap, thin, embarrassing training bras.
I can't deal with that.
So I was happy to find this brand on Amazon; it's a great deal for a hard-to-find size!
This sleep sack offers good quality and comfort.
The sizing is very reasonable too.
My only concern is that the arm pits seem quite small, I am not yet sure how comfy that will be as the baby grows.
We'll see.
So far so good.
So I loved the item till I saw the price tag on the packaging: $16.99 on sale/ $24.00 regular.
(which was lower than I paid.)
Then I felt tricked.
Item itself is super nice.
Very thin jersey pants (will show diaper design etc.), thicker rib-knit/ interlock shirt.
Super nice for summer days/ nights and print design hides little mishaps.
Organic, cute at decent* price.
(3t fits my 32&#34; 25lb baby with belly room for pants...which is good for us since we still have a couple months before summer hits.)
Nice heavy duty !!!!
My 5 year old loves to wear it , which is what I wanted.
Had it engraved at the local jeweler.
I love this pair.
It's super comfortable, and awesome for daily use.
Washes easily as well.
Pretty good investment for the price.
I love the color.
It's one of my favorites.
The sweater is as advertised.
It's comfortable, warm, and well worth the price.
The first thing I noticed was that there was a scratch on the leather in the very front of the purse.
I didn't return it because I knew I hadn't spent a lot of money on it and figured it would meet the needs of why I purchased it.
Once I started using it, I realized how poorly the zippers work.
One of them constantly gets stuck.
Very difficult to open and close.
The strap is also very flimsy.
It's a great size, I only wish it were better made.
Good material and nice fitting, unfortunately the real color desn't match the picture.The real color is lillte bit more dark
I love the outfit for my granddaughter, she lives in Canada and its cold this outfit will keep her warm
I guess you get what you pay for.
Item is see-through and falling apart.
The size runs small.
It is just a not very attractive nighty.
Plus its not made well.
Don't waste your money.
I liked so much, is really really nice, the only thing I didnt like was that has a coat that is not seen in the picture and you wear like looks in the picture, but I get it in time.
Its ok for me.
My 12 yr old LOVES these shorts.
ANything with the Warrior label is a hit for both LAX boys in my house.
These fit well and I know will be passed down once my 12 year ols out grows them.
Thanks Amazon for selliing Warrior brand!!
The slippers fit my cousin well.
She said they are comfy to walk on and warm on those cold winter days.
This was a gift for a relative who is very choosy about his clothing.
He loved this shirt and the color.
He lives in a golfing community and this shirt was a perfect gift.
These are my favorite pair of jeans.
I ordered them in length 32 even though I usually order 30,  I prefer they look more "stacked" and less like in the picture.Anyway, in the Tumbled Merlin colorway, they are very good quality, but it's Levi's so what do you expect?
The top half fits looser so you have more room in the crotch area.
You might need a belt, but they're not overly loose.
They taper down to a slim-skinny fit in the calves.Perfect jean in my opinion, 511's were way too tight in the upper portion.I have ordered them in black and will update this with a review for them, if I remember
I wear these yoga pants to work and i love them, i wear them 3/4 times a week.
The fabric does get stretched out a little after the first use but each time i wash them they go back to being nice and tight/flattering.
The material is really comfortable but tends to be a little long on me (Im 5'6 and i got a large).
Im about to buy a second pair though so all in all i love them!
These pants were shipped promptly and arrived within the mentioned time frame.Pros:-  they look nice (make you look leaner actually)-  feel super soft, the fabric is not too thick, but not too thin either-  very comfortable to wear (you can sleep in them)-  they stay in place-  the underwear is not visible through them.
-  perfect if you are trying to wear more natural fabrics and avoid synthetics (95% cotton and 5%spandex)-  affordableI would've given them 5 stars but there are some annoying details.Cons:- slightly too long, so I will have to crop them a bit.I bought a M size and besides the length they fit perfectly ( I'm 125 lb 5'7" with wide hips)- they collect a lot of lint from everything and it's visible because they are black.
You have to brush them often and really need to use those drier sheets when you dry them with other clothes.I am thinking about buying the same pants in a lighter color as rushing them all the time is not fun.They are made in Combodia.
My son is 7, a lean tall 55 lbs.
After washing and drying these shirts, (medium), they fit nicely, a bit loose, like a regular t-shirt for a 7 yr old.
Which is what I wanted.
I think the size chart guides to a snug under-layer fit.
These are very comfortable, warm and stylish!
I get cold easily and needed warmth without bulk.
I also have a little diva inside that likes to look her best no matter the temperature.
After trying on other flannel lined jeans I had figured I would have to look dumpy if I wanted flannel lined jeans to stay warm.
Then I found these!
Awesome!Wish they had my size in the blue.
I'm usually between a size 2-4 and because the other reviews said they run big I went with a 2 and happy I did!
Great fit.
My long legs require at least a 32&#34; inseam, these aren't bad, wish they were longer but they'll be fine with boot.
I purchased these &#34;T&#34; Shirts because they are a good buy for the Money.
Made by Fruit of the Loom.
They are the perfect &#34;T&#34; for Summer wear.
They are tagless.
and lightweight.
Here in Central California it gets really HOT in the Summer.
It's nice to be able to buy a &#34;T&#34; that is light weight to wear outside.
So you do not becomne over heated.
I always buy the next size larger for myself.
To allow for Shrinkage.
Fruit of the Loom has always been known for the shrinkage in their products.
So Where I would normally wear a Large 42X44 This time I purchased the EXTra Large 46X48 and they fit like a Glove.
plenty of room in the arms, and the Collar dosent sag.
The length is long enough.
So when Tucked in.
They do not rise up out of the back of your pants.
Lettin the MOON shine through.
For Summer wear?
These are Great if you live in a Hot Climate as I.  I am sure they would also be good in the Fall and Winter.
Providing you wear another item over them.
For the Dollar?
again Fruit of the Loom comes through.
I just wish that they would bring their company back to Bowling Green Ky.
Where they were always made before.
Now?
They are made in El Salvador or Honduras.
Lots of American jobs left along with the Company.
But even still their products are Ok........But Please come back Home.
Maybe the size issues would then dissapear.
I am extremely picky about how clothes feel due to sensory processing disorder (SPD) and would prefer to wear only pajamas.These pants look nice enough to go out in, but they are fairly comfortable, and the fold-over top avoids the uncomfortable elastic band that many similar pants have.Really great fold-over top, it's comfortable.The material leaves a little to be desired (feels slightly cheap), but oh well, you can't have it all.
I am somewhat muscular and L shirts usually form fit me.
This one wears loose and a little big.
A medium would probably have been better on me, but I'm not going to bother returning it.
Otherwise, it looks to be good quality.
This was a gift for my daughter for Christmas.
I fits well and I like that it has a little skirt to cover her butt.
She has worn it for both dance and gymnastics and it is working out well.
It has also help up to many washings.
Awesome shirt that also glows in the dark.
Excellent quality.
My little guy will love this for Christmas!
Such a great deal.
Too small for me, maybe it's just me or size in the US got smaller.
I have another slim straight 32-30 and it fits okay, maybe I need to stretch them out a bit.
These are not beefy T's, nothing fancy....I wanted some thin T's to wear under my sweaters & dress shirts etc..
.
these are great for the price.I hope they will last...but somehow think they wouldn't since they are light & thin.
Two T's for 7 bucks... cannot complain.I'm gonna order a few more packs
Excellent quality!
My father wears this shirt when trap shooting.
He loves that this shirt doesn't stick to him when he's hot and sweaty.
warmest stuff I have ever worn.
Waiting for subzero to make a full review, but at 18 degrees, I was pretty toasty.
Love it, it was intended for a gift, my friend he really like it, It looks very fancy and good.
The other reviews suggested that you buy one size up and I followed their advice.
Mine is a little too big.
Oh well.
The corset itself looks amazing especially for the price!
I ordered a pair of these on April, two "Levi's Men's 508 Relaxed Tapered Jean" (One black & the other light blue)those  are perfect, right size, right fit (508 Regular Tapered)... However I ordered a Soft Grey and they shipped a "508 Slim Fit" not the Regular 508.
Pretty bad, beware!
i love my three denim pair of nmdj.
.
the denim for me are perfect.
the sheri skinny jean in aubergine does not offer the same hold and even after a few hours seems to stretch out.
i will continue to only buy the denim.
I the suit is beautiful and feels so good on.
It fits so well and is so comfortable,  I just love it.
This puffy vest with the hoodie is not only stylish, but the torso length fit my 6' frame - which is rare for women's outwear that's not specifically made for 'talls'.
It is extremely comfortable and lightweight.
Love it!
What a deal -the colors are cute and the price was right!
Sending it down to charity so I don't know anything more.
I wanted work out pants and this brand is soo super comfy!
The fit was perfect & you could definitely breathe in them.
Thanks!
These jeans fit great.
I love the way they feel and look.
I have several pair of these jeans in different colors
I just bought this Shirt one week ago.
The shirt fabric is not perfect.
but the pants are good and they will last for some time.
Received this as a Christmas present due this past December.
This stuff is practically worth its weight in gold.
I'm an avid snowboarder and have used all types of different base layers - cotton long johns, synthetic materials, but regardless of what I used, I ALWAYS ended up having to use extra layers on top of it - thermal shirts, hoodies, whatever, and I would have to layer and layer and layer.
My Columbia jacket that I use also has a reasonably warm liner that is removable, and I would most times have my base layer, a thermal shirt, the liner, then the outer shell.
Way too much.
I found that with this base layer on, I rarely even needed my jacket's liner!
It's remarkably warm down to about 25 degrees.
I went from 4, bulky layers to 2 layers on a good day (sitting around 25-30 degrees F) and 3 layers on cold nights of snowboarding.
Incredible stuff, very durable, and well worth the price.
I would recommend this to any snow-sports nut or anyone who is a cold-weather hunter, worker, etc.
Absolutely great, great stuff (and I didn't mention yet, but I have the 3.0 pants, too...just as incredible!)
.
The quality was great, the size was on the small side.
Very pretty, for the pink camo girl it a must have.
Absolutely love it... bought and use for a books bag at college... Even my daughter commented on how she liked it...
Love this will buy more in future!
I don't like how easily it ripps its like a one time use
I loved this jacket.
Very sharp looking.
It shed water like a duck and was very durable.
Very well made product.
I did pull on the hood cinches a bit too hard and broke one but I think I used too much brute force.
Cloudveil has a Lifetime Warranty though so never fear just call them and send in your jacket or in my case the detachable hood if it ever gets damaged.
I got my hood back good as new in no time.
These boys Tank Top fit nice on my 11 year old.
We have had some very hot days on the East Coast, so these Tank Top have came to the rescue for my son.
I have bought many Hanes products and will definitely buy these Tank Tops again.
Very good quality!
Looked so cute on the girls!
Arrived in plenty of time for the Holiday.
Will definately order again.
This outfit is super cute!
My son is obsessed with robots right now and he was very excited to receive this.
The items are good quality and fit perfectly.
This jacket fit as expected, XL.
Top of the line sailing jacket!Would purchase through Amazon again, great price as well!
I have about 6 pairs of these in different colors (blue and pink.)
They are perfect to cushion your feet and ankles while wearing boots.
When you wash them, they get even more dense and work that much better.
Careful though, some of the newer designs labeled "snuggle socks" aren't that way.
Get the Life is Good brand.
I really like the corset it looks just like the picture.
The tutu is a little cheap but I liked that they are two separate pieces instead of attached.
The hooks on the corset are a little hard to get on and off but it's nice that there is a lace up in the back it helps it fit better.
Super cute I'm happy with my purchase.
Decent quality but the sizing is way off.
I purchased these sweatpants for my 7 year old who usually wears a size 6x in pants.
I ordered the 6-8 and they are huge.
The crouch hangs to her knees, literally, and they're about 5 inches to long.
When I get off work I just want to relax in comfy clothes and these are it.
Glad I got them !
My husband has been wanting an Under Armour polo shirt since he saw one of our friends at Christmas with a similar one.
I found this one here and he loves it.
It is everything he wanted.
I know the color is loud but he loves it and he looks good in it.
Good quality also, ready to wear just right our of the dryer and that's good for me.
-fit was ok-did not move around or bounce while running-they did not darken as dark as I expected.
Never know until you try them.
The chance you take when buying online without beingable to try them on and see how they react while wearing them to different levels of light.
This hat keeps you warm and dry in the cold weather climates.
It is also comfortable and light weight!!!
Great
These pants are extremely comfortable.
Look very small but stretch to fit you very well.
I work outside and am very active.
They do not restrict movement and kept me plenty warn with 14 degree wind chills.
My only complaint is their is no pee hole and can be a pain when you drink as much water as I do.
All in all they do the job though.
Also got them on sale for only $10.55 a pair so can't beat that!
It's ok , it is warm for an acrylic hat and a little on the heavy/bulky side which is what i wanted, My only issue is the way it pulls down on your head.
My head size is a medium and i have to pull it down farther than i am comfortable to cover my ears and it sits too low on my forehead.
It is a little too tight as well as i am always adjusting and stretching out.
But, it does what i wanted although i do not like the large carhart logo on the front either
Nice and cool for the price.
Unless your kids tiny order 2 sizes up.
The 3t is smaller than a lot of my 2ts.
Cool characters and decent price, just very small and wash and dry on cold/low
I bought this in three colors for my 60-lb., 4 ft. 7, 12-year-old.
I was concerned I would not be able to find any small enough, but the smallest size fit on the tightest hooks.
It is not too padded, but gives a little shape.
As others have noted, the straps are a little too long, and vary depending on the color.
Pink are shortest, the nude are a little longer, and the winter white are the longest.
She likes them, and I'm glad to have found them.
I have owned these socks now for over 5 years.
My first pair is a bit threadbare, but I wear them consistently.
The moderate temperature like a gem, and I wear them both in winter and summer.
I work in the vineyards and winery all day and the socks never feel hot and they stay dry all day.
My wife saw that I loved them so much, she absconded with a new pair of mine, and then bought herself 4 pairs and then 4 more for her brother.
I loved this item.
but i do recommend buying this if you are short because my lady part (southern region)  was not very comfortable in these
My 5 year old son always falls asleep while I'm driving and his poor head and neck would be all twisted and when I would go around turns he would hit his head in the door.
I always felt so terrible, I wish I would have thought of buying this pillow earlier.
He chose the bunny and it's the perfect size for his little neck.
This pillow has made our drives together much better.
Highly recommended.
My 3-year old loved the suit.
He is pround to dress like his daddy during holiday season.
The material is cheap but durable.
He wears a cutton turtle neck under the shirt.
We bought a big size on purpose.
We only dress him up on Christmas and New Years so it will last a few years:-)
I bought this bag to use for my purse and carryall on a ski vacation.
It worked perfectly, and I loved it.
I'm going to get a lot of use out of it.
This was the second rain jacket I bought.
I returned the first one because the size was way too big and it was bulky and not very flexible.
This one is completely perfect.
The material is light, it has pockets, it's waterproof, and it's inexpensive.
This size may run on the small side, but the large still fits me fine.
It's not the most breathable jacket, but it does have a seam in the back to let some air in.
My arms start to sweat when I wear it for a little too long, but at least no rain is getting in.
The hood is extremely useful as well.
A Velcro strap lets you adjust it so it fits your head how you want.
Great product, why spend $100+ on a rain jacket when this does the same thing for a fraction of the price.
These are quite comfortable, they arrived sooner than I expected since I used the "free shipping" offer.
All in all a great buy on name brand tee shirts.Clint.
Thank you for all.
My order was excelent and delivery came earlier.
Great!!!!
I will do it again this month.
Thank you so much again.
I am so glad.
so cute my boyfriend loved it.
fit me just fine.
really see through but its okay and very comfortable to wear around the house.
This hat was so cool yo.
Hear me out.
You can wear this hat, with t shirt and shorts and go for a run in 40 degree weather no lie.
The previous statement is a lie, it is really warm though and it made running this winter a lot easier.
You typically lose most of your heat through your head, so with a really good hat, you can maintain your temperature really easy if you exercise.
It also sticks up at the top, which makes me feel like I am some sort of lumberjack, on break, going for a run.
My daughter wore this one out.
She was so adorable in it and loved how fluffy the skirt was.
Would absolutely buy again if it came in The next size up.
I would absolutely recommend this product to anyone.
And I would recommend 3.0.
If you're debating between 2/3/4.
Get the 3.
It's just warm enough so you can wear this with a shirt and jacket in the coldest of weather.
Then if you need to move around a lot or something you can take off the jacket and it's perfect.
The 4 is too warm.
2 is not warm enough.
Get the 3.0 for sure
The zipper broke on this shirt after a couple of weeks.
Single stitching and mediocre fabrics.
It was cool looking, but there was no quality to be seen.
I ordered in orange and got well a very faded colour.
Almost pink.
Its a cheap material it feels leathery and thin.
Its durable it just wasn't something I liked.
The strings on it are very thin and almost felt like dollar store string tied to it.
Don't get me wrong its cute and maybe you'll have better luck.
beautiful.
but sizes run small.
bought a size 8 for my 7y.
o but it was too small.
ended up giving it to my 6y.
o who usually takes a size 6 or 7
Levi's Men's 508 Regular Tapered Jean, Quincy, 29x30,is very good,i love it,i will buy it agin,jius do it levis h
Nice fit!!
508's are the best fit jeans Levi's makes!!!
I will now write a meaningless sentence so that amazon lets me post my review, Bc evidently my first sentence wasn't long enough-
I was looking for a pair of sunglasses for road and city cycling that would keep dust and wind out.I wear gas-permeable contacts so this is important.
Not so much because of dry eyes but because, under windy conditions, the dust gets in under the contacts and the subsequent extreme irritation will cause temporary impaired vision.
This could be potentially dangerous on road or on heavily frequented bike paths.I tried this out in a store first, so I knew that it fit my face and that it would provide very complete coverage.
I have had it for 7 weeks now and they perform very well.
No grit in the eyes and no weeping while riding.The white and red frame does make it look like a novelty item and attracts its share of stares.
It went well with a white helmet I owned but had to return due to a defect.About one week after I received my glasses, I had an accident at low speed.
My front wheel went into the space between a square manhole and the sewer grate.
I went flying and luckily my shouder took the impact.
My helmet visor and the left lens of the Julbo hit the pavement.
I had several facial rashes and a partially swollen lip (all completely healed).
I am happy to have had minor bruising.
The extremely flexible lens of the Julbo flexed and the result was a few scratches at the lower part of the lens that in no way impede vision.
I think I would have been worse off with my previous glasses which would have cracked with potential injury to my left eye.
My niece loved this present.
She is 1 1/2 years old and this is one of her favorite presents, she doesn't want to take it off!
So soft and easy to laundry just a touch up with iron.
Fits a little snug around middle,but if I drop a few pounds will fit great
smaller than I expected...but still cute.
It will work with a small handful of change and couple of bills.
Would be perfect to carry lunch money to school.
this is probably the best jeans ever....cheap and high quality material.
I will definitely buy more and will recomment it to everybody.
Ordered the three-pack.
They are made of extremely cheap material, cut funny and like the other reviewer, split at the inseam the first time I wore them.
I would not recommend these.
These thigh highs are just as described and pictured on amazon.
They are a bright pink, not neon colored, but not pale colored either.
The black stripes are fun and these work great with a witch costume.
They are also fun with a black flowy skirt or pencil skirt, so very versatile in my opinion.
I am a hardcore fan of TYR for their workout swimsuits, and when I couldn't find a trisuit that I loved I thought I'd see if TYR made them!
Lo and behold I found this suit and it is awesome!
Stretchy mesh material on top fits just like my comfy workout swimsuits, and supportive enough that I don't need a separate sports bra (36C).
Leg openings do not ride up, and chamois is nice and padded!
The only negative I can see is that the two back pockets don't have zippers and aren't very large.
I've worn it several times for biking and running.
I have my Olympic Tri this weekend so we'll see if I still rave about it after, but I'm 99.9% sure it will stand up to the test!
I bought the yellow version so that it could double as both rain covering and visibility or signaling aid if needed.
It's lightweight and plastic; if you're sweating then you're going to end up damp wearing it, but dryer than you would be in a downpour without it.I took it on a hike up Estes Cone near Longs Peak in Colorado.
On the way down we got hit by a thunderstorm with heavy rain and light hail.
I was glad I had it, and that my generally over-prepared girlfriend had made me buy it before we went hiking.The X-Large size matches the fit of an XL sized T-shirt.
It's not one of those things you have to buy a different size than you'd normally wear.
As a grandmother I focus on the look of the outfits, the quality and comfort!
These clothes fit the bill, and to top it off the ease of buying 3 complete outfits that are so bright and colorful and they all coordinate !
Simply Fantastic!!
They's comfy.-da gfThat's all I was able to get out if her for the review got dang it
I purchased these for my three year old.
I thought they were pants but they seem to be more like footless tights.
They are not thin though so I am sure she can wear them as pants.
Kind of a weird feel to them but my daughter didn't seem to mind (not itchy).
Would buy again.
I bought these as a gift for my mother after she had back surgery.
She needed something comfortable that was simple to wear.
These fit better than expected and were fantastic for her.
She still wears them.
These are an inexpensive pair of lounge/yoga pants.
I'm 5'3 - got the medium based on the 8/10 sizing and they fit everywhere fine but frankly are too long.
I read another review about long length so I almost didn't get them.
So if you're on the shorter side, and do not want ones that hang past the heel of your shoe, I'd get a different brand.
If they were tried on in a store, I wouldn't have bought them, but I'm not going to be returning them.
They are fine to wear around the house where and workout.
They'd definitely get caught on the heels of my shoes wearing outside and being that it rains here a lot, won't be a part of any outside attire.
If not for the length, I'd order a few more pairs of them because they are comfortable.
I cannot report on their durability or long term quality, but I didn't spend the type of money on them to expect any outlandishly great results in those departments.
Had to buy these pants to keep my son from freezing.They are so soft and good material.Thank you so very much.
I tried and am returning 2 different sizes of this amazing looking suit.
However, this suit runs VERY small and I was disappointed to realize that it is unlined.
I would have preferred a lined suit, but it is still a fairly good quality fabric.
Overall, I would have kept the suit, because I love the color, fabric and style.
Sadly, both of them are going back (yes, I re-ordered in a different size) and it was still too small.
I would say go 2 sizes up from your normal size, especially if you have curves and boobs.
If you are not so blessed, you will probably fit just fine.
So sad this didn't work out for me.
I love the thickness and comfort of these t-shirts and my kids like them too.
I know they will be warm in winter, and it helps cool them in summer.
I tried these on in the store so I knew what to expect as far as fittment.
Nice to get some with a 29&#34; inseam.
I'll be keeping an eye out for additional colors.
This sunglasses are great.
The Zebra light lens are great for the use I need as extreme trail runner.
I need protective sunglasses for day and night.
Prior to this sunglasses I used the exchange lens ones and this product do exactly the same with one pair of lens.I used them for running in the forest at night, to protect me from eyes impacts and they worked perfect.
I only have issues with the opening of lens, during extremely windy conditions, in mountain peaks.
The lens started to move with the wind and I needed to keep it steady with one of my hand.
It only happens onece, with severe lateral wind.
Appart from that they are really comfortable.
I weared them in a 3 days race with helmet and other protective apparels rounding my head (buff caps) and they became part of my body.
I'm just on the unfortunate border between regular and tall:  Regular pants are fine, until I sit down.
Long pants are usually too long, or all the length is in the crotch rather than at the ankle, and then it fits funny.I ordered the long size on these pants, and they work for me, at least if I'm wearing shoes.
(Just a guess, but if you always need the long size, then they may not be long enough for you.)
It's a little big in the waist, which isn't uncommon for me, but not a problem I have with my other Lee-brand pants.
So if they've sagged down a little because the waist is too big, and I'm not wearing shoes to get another half-inch or so of height, then the hem drags on the floor.These are kind of lightweight, so they'll be fine for warmer weather, but I doubt that anyone would want to wear them in the snow.Also:  Have these designers ever tried to use their pants pockets?
I walked next door earlier today, and spent half the time wondering if my house keys were going to fall out of the shallow pockets.
Functional pockets are not just for men!
I bought these for my teen daughter.
She said that they are comfortable and wears them around the house.
The material is kind of thin, so I hope they will keep their shape and hold up with use.
Overall, I think they are average for the money.
First: These are warm.
If you intend to do ANY physical activity, you will heat up fast.
If you intend to walk around in the snow, this is ohKay, but if you are shoveling, running, fixing the house, or even walking for more then 15 minutes, you are going to sweat.
The sweat wicks away, but takes some time.The size is small.
If you follow their chart, you should pick a size bigger then you need.
It fits like a compression shirt, but has very little stretch.
I got a Large, and the wrists fit snug, and I can not push the shirt up to my forearms.Awesome shirt, but fits tight, and very little stretch.
These are my first cycle shoes and attempt at clip in's.
I think they're attractive because they match my bike!
Isn't that vain.
I wish these shoes were more comfortable and I may add some padding inside.
My feet aren't use to hard shoes, being a runner.
I purchased this jumper for my granddaughter who attends a Catholic Private School.
I wash the jumper every other day, since I bought two of them, so that she has a clean uniform everyday she goes to school.
I love the way it was made, it's a decent length and fits perfectly.
The jumper didn't change color or shape despite the frequent washing.
Highly recommend this, because it is very reasonable priced.
I ordered a 508 "Rigid Envy".
I like breaking in rigid jeans for a nice overall fit and enjoy the styling of the 508.
Problem 1: The fabric of this jean is thin and flimsy, not rigid like the 501's or 505's I have purchased within the last few years, and I predict this jean  fabric will fail early.Problem 2: The particular style description, "Rigid Envy", is a nondesript designation for a jean.
I had hoped it would be a classic rigid blue jean and took a chance.
It is not.
It is more black, which cannot be discerned from the item photo.
All the jeans in the 508 line that are obviously blue are somehow pre-washed, which I do not want.Problem 3: The jean reflects the overall decline of the Levis line.
There are just 5 belt loops instead of the traditional 7.
This is an obvious ongoing cutting of corners by Levis management, and a very poor decision.
What has happened to the working man's Levis jean?In the past I have been switching to Lee and Wrangler for better price and better quality of fabric.
I still enjoy the style of the 508, but if Levis were smart, they would go back to tradition and start making their jeans in USA with the quality that made their reputation.
Name alone is not enough
My 3 1/2-year-old daughter loves this outfit.
The ruffles and embellishments are girly enough to make it appealing to her, and the interesting colors and pattern appeal to me.
It is also extremely soft and comfortable and after a few months of weekly wearing and washing, it still looks as good as new.Also, my daughter is average in height but she's in the sixth percentile for weight, and the size 3 leggings fit her fine without my having to roll the waistband to make them stay up.
They are stretchy and not snug, so I'm sure they would fit an average-size child as well, but parents of toothpick-y kids like mine should not hesitate to buy this outfit.
Just what I expected,fit is good,wish it  came in bigger  package five shirts instead of 3.
The colors were great
These were gifts for my niece who is fostering children.who arrive unexpectedly with little or no thing to wear.
Every kid loves a huge night shirt, especially one you can write your name on!
I squat.
I deadlift.
I clean.
I snatch.Leg day is pretty much every day for me.
Long gone are the day's where I could comfortably fit into a pair of Levi's 511 (okay so I never really fit comfortably in them, they just fit).
My normal jeans of choice are Naked & Famous skinny guy's; but even now, my 2 year old broken in denim totally limit's my range of motion.
On to my next pair, my A.P.C. new petite standard denim that I'm just now breaking in with my thunder thighs.
They're getting better and looser, but still not the most comfortable jeans to be wearing on a daily basis.
That and they cost me $175, so I usually only wear them when I go out.That brings me to my Levi's 508's.
Why buy such cheaper jeans when I have other pairs of higher quality denim at my disposal?
Well, one of my favorite cuts was from a few years back when Levi's still made 520's.
That was the best cut denim ever, IMO.
Relaxed in the crotch, but tapers down so that the leg openings bunch up around your shoes and you're not dragging your denim all over the place.
Sad to say, I basically caught them on the tail end of their shelf life.
I was ecstatic to hear of the 508's!
It's almost impossible to find taper jeans anymore, without them being RIDICULOUSLY baggy to a TINY taper.
Not even Naked & Famous Weird Guy's are legit, they fit just like Skinny Guy's.
To my joy, the 508's fit pretty much identical to my old 520's.
Granted my legs are a lot bigger now than they were before.
Which is perfect, plenty of room to move around comfortably.
I can put on my socks and shoes without struggling again!Now the cons:-Tumbled Merlin looks a lot more blue than it does in real life, it's definitely grey.-Not the heaviest denim in the world.-Waist sizing is a TAD big.
I would size down.
I usually wear 31's (APC/Naked&Famous;) just for comfort, but this 31 definitely feels big.
These pants fit my son who is 4'3 and only 52lbs very well.
He usually needs a belt or I have to fold them over but they fit well and they give the cotton quality of a normal jogging suit.
I found this at a great deal, & I like it for my little guy.
I received it super fast & love the t/shirt.
My husband said that with so much printed on it it will be hot for use it during summer, but I really like it.
The fabric & printing are great for the price, my only complain is with the shorts they are bright red, me as a woman don't care but the boys don't like it to be so bright, almost sparkly.
Nevertheless good outfit to play outside.
I got it for almost 6 bucks & free shipping with amazon mom, so overall a good deal, specially considering that he can play, stain it, rip it & it did not cost me a lot  :)
I'm between a medium and a large so I ordered the large thinking UA normally seems to run small.
Not so with this shirt.
It's a little big.
I kept it anyway though and bought two more in medium.
They're a better fit, but it all works.
Nice shirts.
The color is a brighter, more intense blue than pictured on my monitor, but that was fine with me.
Slimming fit although women with hourglass figures should know that the waist may be a bit wide/loose, as these pants appear to be cut more straight than curvy through the hips in my opinion.
I've found this to be an easy fix with good tailoring though!
I give this hat 4 stars because although being great quality it is big for my head.
If it didn't have all the extra slack it'd be a 5.
I'm fine with it being big and it's Carhartt so it should last some time.
Love the jacket.
Don't quite understand the hand warmers/thumb holes.
They don't work well, aren't long enough to provide much hand coverage.
I like them.
I am short, so I'll have to hem them, but they are a lovely material.
I like them alot.
Thank you.
Good material and nice cut.
I got a couple for my daughter to wear at school.
Would highly reccommend a they are good value for money
Go Tea Collection!!
This past Christmas was my first time purchasing actual clothes (other than t-shirts, school uniforms, etc.), and my experience with some other collections were not the best, to say the least.
However, in this case, I hit the jackpot.This was a Christmas gift for an 8-yr old; purchased a size (8).
This is truly a fabulous collection, true to its description (color, and size).
Granted, it runs slightly big for her, but that's only because she is very slender and average height-definitely not tall for her age.
I love the fact that the set is so versatile, you can match the outfits not only within the set itself, you can also match up with other items (i.e., jeans, etc.); as well as wear the tunics as a dress-of course that depends on the height of your child-might be too short for some, in my case, she can wear the tunic as a dress.I will say, although I really like this collection, pricing is perhaps a little steep ($139) for the 6-pc set, however, it is very good quality, the patterns are different, very comfortable, and easy care (she has worn two of the outfits already, and so far they are holding up nicely after being washed)...more importantly, she absolutely adores the outfits!
I also purchased a dressTea Collection Girls 2-6X Wildflower Banded Dressfrom this collection, and it is just as beautiful.
I highly recommend the Tea Collection.
High quality and perfect weight!
You can use this lightweight top all year round.
Perfect fit and beautiful blue color.
I got the teal one, which is pretty much the color on my screen.
The color is muted, or even a bit muddy, IMHO.
The fit is fine; I like the length on it; covers the tummy, but doesn't look "dumpy".
The fabric seems cheap; not a true flannel, in that it doesn't have any nap.
The sleeves are long enough.
It washes up fine, and I have been able to wear it without ironing it.
The "velvet stripe" mentioned in another review was incorrectly placed on the placket UNDER the button, and thus is not visible when I wear the shirt.
I am glad I did not pay full price; it is not a high-end product.
Decided to keep it anyway.
I did get one compliment on the shirt, though.
I thought this outfit was cute and well made.
This was for charity and I didn't know the little girl I was buying for.
my kids love it, it is a  good quality, nice price, last long .
worth the money you spend ,
I ordered 2 pairs of these at separate times.
First time was a black medium and they fit well but quickly stretched out a bit as some other reviewers have said.
I went ahead and ordered another pair though, because they're quite comfortable, this time the charcoal in medium.
The charcoal ones almost seem to be made of a thicker, more elastic material.
They fit nice and snug and have quickly become my favorite pants.
I checked the tags to see if maybe they were different brands, but they're identical.
I may buy a couple other colors and see what the differences are.Overall though, I do enjoy both pairs.
Very comfortable.
Nice and long (I'm 5'7 with fairly long legs).
Not as thin as some other yoga/lounge pants I've purchased in the same price range.
Very comfortable shirt.
Good feel and well made.
Keeps me cool.
Highly recommend.
Good quality - my husband wears it often.He is a big man and this is very comfortable and suitable for him.
I live in these kinds of pants when I'm lounging around the house so I buy several pairs a year.
I found these while doing my Christmas shopping.
I was a little worried about the quality of these pants based on the crazy reasonable price but I made the purchase.
I received them and the fit is true to size.
They are a pretty good quality (not really thick like you might get at Anthro or a yoga store) but the quality is a little better than I expected for the $9 I paid for them.
I haven't washed them yet which will be the final frontier.
If they withstand washing, I will definitely buy more pairs!
these are awesome!!
and black silk on the inside!!!!
I WAS SO IMPRESSED W THESE SHORTS!!!
very stylish and comfortable at the same time, oh and don't forget about the awesome price!!!!!
my grandaughter put it on immediately and said she felt "fancy" in it!
she loved it and it fit perfectly.
I am on here looking for other nannette outfits.
I live in VT and learned really quick if you want your kids to play out in cold weather for more than 10 minutes they have to be warm.
As an adult some of my most favorite shirts are from Duofold and I spend a great deal of time out in the cold with my dog hiking and know what works.
So I decided to buy the same for my 3 year old.
My son loves the shirt so much he never wants to take it off...he also stays outside with me in cold weather for up to 2 hours at a time now.
This belt was delivered to my home for just over $13.00 tax included.
It looks smart, fits well and is exactly what I wanted for a casual summer belt.
I have an older, similar Nautica belt and it has held up very well and I expect the same of this one.
I couldn't be more pleased, thank you Amazon.
great fabric my granddaughter loves it I bought two so my other grandaughter would have one.
They think they are the divas
I buy these pants all the time because they are the perfect weight to wear all year.
I like that the cuff is only loosely sew so that you can add an extra 2 inches.
Generally the fit is spot on in the waist and hips, inseam varies which is mildly annoying but like I said, you can take out the bottom cuff super easy.
Great for track and excellent value.
Won't keep you warm on a cold day, but keeps the wind out.
Looks sharp.
My daughter usually takes a small or medium, but x-small worked out the best.
My husband typically wore Levi's 550's or 505's, but found them to be too baggy (as did my son).
My husband then found the 508's, and love how they fit.
My son has since turned to these as well.
A great fit.
Adjusting the fold over waist can get a bit annoying, they're a little long for a short person like me but overall I love them.
Very comfortable and flattering.
Sexy, and a bit racy on the top.
I have not worn it out as yet waiting for the right occasion.
but it is a great fit and whilst I bought a 10 and it was a bit big I got it altered and it looked fine.
Maybe I would have preferred the fabric to be less heavy but I am generally satisfied with the product.
I haven't taken this anywhere yet, but it feel very sturdy!
The wheels don't seem to have any problems, I have rolled it around a lot...well my kids have!
Plus I really like the bright color, it will be easier to spot!
I just received my order, Hanes Girls Crew Tee Shirts, medium size.
The length is fine, but the width is double of what it's supposed to be, more like medium adult.
The shape of the tee shirt is square.
It's impossible to use them as undershirts, as I originally planned.
My daughter is normal size, neither skinny nor husky.
The tee shirts would flap around her.
I'm not sure what to do with them.
Nice quality but size was a little too small for a 5 year old child.
Beautiful color and the hood was a big hit,
The jeans and shirt looked great on my son.
The only reason I gave it a 4 stars is because the first time I washed the jacket, it shrunk!
After that, it looked like it was a size too small.
Besides that, very stylish.
Good if you have large thighs from squatting/dead lifting people complaining about bagginess should buy the 501's or 511's roominess is the whole point.
For reference I'm 5'10&#34; 175 and 32x32 is perfect.
This is a very cute coin purse.
It is small, but coin purses are supposed to be small or they get too heavy!
You can fit plenty of change in it, and since it's a cotton sock it will probably stretch.
But come on, this is meant to hold only spare change.
It's not a storage unit!
The lips open small, which is good so if you accidentally leave it open all the change won't spill out at once.
I love it!
The nightie is okay for me with the adjustment straps on the longest possible position.
But the panty is tiny.
And I wish I could do a font change for the word tiny.
I would put the word tiny in a 4 font.
I have a really hard time finding pants that are long enough as I wear a size 2 but I am 5'8.
This pant is actually plenty long enough and comfortable.
I also like that they can roll up easily into a capri.
If you are tall these pants will probably fit better than most hiking pants.
Saved me when it was 95% humidity out!
Love them
I had to purchase a new wallet because coins were falling out of my old one.
It was a choice between this one and a sophisticated black one.
Obviously my geekiness won, and I ordered this one.
There aren't many spots for credit/debit cards, and the spot for your ID is a bit small, but other than that, I am very happy with this wallet :) There are two sections for coins, so that's great
It's a beautiful dress, but loose blue ink when wash and even do so with care, the side pink was with blue spots and lost clothing.Es un vestido bell&iacute;simo, pero al lavar suelta mucho azul, y aun haci&eacute;ndolo con much&iacute;simo cuidado, el lado rosadp qued&oacute; con manchas azules y perdimos el vestido.
I've searched long and hard over the years to find the perfect pair of jeans for me.
If you're the type that prefers comfort, but doesn't want to sacrifice looks, likes room downstairs but doesn't want your jeans hanging at your knees, and likes reasonable pricing, you can't go wrong with these dungarees.
Have already torn the knee out of one pair I've had for 6 months.
Sure wish I could get the 508 fit in the 501 material.
I LOVE the fact that these cool, lightweight tees have pockets that are the perfect size for Ipods or similar mp3 devices.
This works so much better than those clumsy strap-on contraptions for holding your electronic devices while in the gym.
Exactly what I expected.
Good value and timely delivery.
Looks like it runs a bit smaller than a t-shirt but it is an undershirt - so it's ok.
Well made product, easy to handle.
Very soft, good as a light blanket, will be perfect in little cold weather.
I seldom submit reviews, but this product is so amazing I felt compelled to share my opinion.I spend most of my working hours outside in all types of weather and temperatures.
Over the years I have bought many different brands and types of undergarments(including ones that compare there product to Under Armour) to keep me warm during the winter months with mixed results.
Some were warm but too bulky to provide free movements and were uncomfortably hot if I had to work indoors, others just didn't keep me warm.
Many shrank so much after the first washing that I could not wear them afterward.After reading the reviews for the Under Armour ColdGear, I decided to give it a try, despite the relatively high price.
When my purchase arrived and I took the garments out of the box and I was disappointed with how thin and light-weighted they were.
Three days later we had our first really cold day with temps.
in the lower teens.
I put the garments on.
The fit was excellent and the material is very soft, stretchy and comfortable, but I still had my doubts it could keep me warm as thin and lightweight as it is.
After spending several hours in the cold with 15 mph winds, I was totally amazed.
This product works and performs better that I could ever imagine.
This fit and feel is so good there is no restriction of movement what so ever.
When transitioning between outside cold to inside warmth I never felt overheated, even after extended time indoors.
I have washed these garments about 10 times since purchased.
The fit remains the same as new.
The construction and materials are first class.If you spend time outdoors in cold weather and want to stay warm and comfortable, spend a little more for this high quality garment that really, really works.
I loved the look of the nightgown on line, but when I got it the quality was poor for the price.
I felt like it was skimpily and cheaply made.
I sent it back.
I was really disappointed.
My lil diva just love this outfit.I was hesitant at first but this outfit fits well considering how slim she is
Hanes has it's own reputation and really, how could you go wrong?
Great undershirts.
Hanes works.
The sizing was large but I don't believe it was the companies fault .
The amazon sizing is not clear and this is not the first thing I have gotten that was too large.
I love these classic sailor suits for babies.
C.I. Castro has been around for a long time and they've made these sailor suits unchanged for a long time.
The sailor suit is perfect for portraits.
Buy them a size bigger than you would normally, as they run small.
Here is another baby sailor suit by C.I. Castro:Toddler Sailor Suits ~ Castro Powder Blueand the matching girl's drss:C.I. Castro Baby Girls Navy Velvet Nautical Dress.
We never will find something like this in Venezuela for least of 150 $.
Thanks this is an excelent product, my boy love it.
We recomend it
I have had a lifetime concealed carry permit for a few years, but was apprehensive about carrying on my person.
Putting a hand gun in my purse did not appeal to me so I decided on this purse.
I am very happy with it.
Easy access, great quality and large enough for all of my other "stuff".
Bigger than I thought, but that's a plus for me.
Highly recommended.
I'm 5'6&#34; and 145 lb, and the size medium fits great.
I wear them around the house and to the gym.
Would definitely recommend these to a friend.
Very nice bag; I use it as a trauma bag for use in the field.
Very roomy, holds a lot of gear.
The molle system allows for add-on expansion if needed.
My only gripe with Blackhawk is that they make their products in Asia rather than the USA.
Kuhl makes nice stuff.
I bought this pullover about a year ago and it's been my &#34;go to&#34; when it's kinda cold but I don't want to wear a coat.
It breaths well so you can wear it inside too.
A year of wearing it often, it's still in pretty good shape.
Pretty true to size.
They are like you would expect, expect mine had several holes in them, as if moths had eaten them or something.
Not a deal breaker, just mildly disappointing.
The bracelet is great in person.
The package arrived before expected.
My daughter is 18myhs and doesn't want to take it off!!!
These are nice, simple pocket shirts.
But why do they not come in size small?
Even in-store at places like Walmart, medium is the smallest they go.
I had to settle, and although they shrink a bit, are not entirely ideal.
Otherwise, good buy.
I love running in this vest.
It is very comfortable and breathable!
The only draw back is the black...have to find another way to be seen on the road when wearing this.
So, this has become a "treadmill" running vest.
I brought this for a one week trip to Alaska.
I really wish I had brought this earlier for the Ky winters.
I am thoroughly impressed with this product.I could walk outside in 15-20F on with just this, a t-shirt and a windbreaker.
The material is soft and absorbs moisture.
I didn't want to take this off - it was that comfortable.
I would definitely definitely recommend this to anyone.
I'd order this for my daughter while on business trip and didn't know what to expect other than picture looks awesome.
My wife said it was very well made and she loves it.
Strap fits perfectly for 2 year old under the armpit and not too long that it drags on the ground.
I highly recommend it as it's good quality material and construction.
At her age, she stuff anything in there to bring to daycare every morning show off her stuff.
Was a little slim cut but if they had another size id buy them.
Wish i could get on waiting list for my size.
Expected a dressy sports rain jacket for 40 plus dollars, got a plastic and thin  felling rain jacket.
Good news, it does fit  and repels rain  okay.
No liner.
The plastic look it a turn off for the money
These tights are great.
They look like more of a peach color than pink.
But, once you get them on, it's hard to tell anyway.
The tights are durable and good quality and don't snag easily like the less expensive ones I usually get.
I thought there would be an issue with the one size fits all since I usually wear size XS or S.
They fit fine.
My kid Love it.
The design was very cool.Star Wars gadgets are expensive; this one had a excellent price.
I think these jeans are no longer being made--we've looked everywhere in stores.
There's LEE everything else jeans but none of these.
They are the only ones that fit my hubby's skinny, muscular, odd shaped cute body (:
Love this and it works perfect for my son!
Washe up nice and is the perfect amount of covering for him.
Tengo de varios colores pues la caidad de esta marca es maravillosa.
Los colores lindos y muy diversos.
Las tallas perfectas
Muy bonito, a mi esposa y a mi nos pareci&oacute; excelente, es bellisimo en especial para la temporada navide&ntilde;a por el saco
This is my second pair of Levi's 508, great quality, comfortable !
price so low that I can't pass by !
I love Taped leg, and standard fit on the thigh area, so this is perfect for me thank you Levi's for the good products !
Thank you Amazon for the good service !
This dress arrives in a small envelope, and the white is much more see-thru than the photo would have you believe.
The fabric feels nice, and the dress is just as nice looking as the photos, but I don't know if the recipient of this gift will ever comfortably wear it.
This is a really inexpensive lingerie, so did not have much expectations from it.
It is reasonable, with slightly fragile/flimsy material.
It is slightly smaller as well, so be careful when ordering so you order the right size.
Clor is as displayed...overall an okay purchase...
I wanted an easy to use wallet for traveling with my toddler.
This wallet easily fit my cell phone, both our passports, our boarding passes (folding over the short perforated end), a bunch of credit cards and currency and a few folded documents.
It has a small zippered coin section also.
I liked having the extra security of the wristlet when I was using it at the airport.
The zippers are not the best and sometimes needed a bit of coaxing, but for the price I really can't complain.
I used it as a clutch purse for a few events we went to during our travels.
It's a bit big for fitting in an everyday regular sized purse, but I have an oversized purse, so it's no problem for me!
These pants are wonderful, cool in the heat and roll up nice and are warm just enough when its is a little chilly out at night.
These pants are so comfy.
OK, let's be honest.
I needed to spend a few more dollars to get free shipping on a heavy item, so I bought these knee highs.
These are fantastic!
Shear, soft, very comfortable for an entire day in heels.
I'm replacing all my knee highs with these.
Set was supposed to be Dora but turned outto be Princess but was really cute so I kept it.
Good price and delivery was very prompt  Seemed to be good quality.
It worked and represented and fit my sister in law who was cold all the itme.
A little expensive but worked well
children love it when they see itI love it and my Super Heroe toddler boy love it toogood size, good quality, I recommend
A bit too long.
Says its 34 waist and 34 inseam but it looks like 34 36.
The rest, color, style, fabric, look and price, all are great.Nice cotton belt came with it as well.
I ordered this for my daughter.
We both loved it!
Cute, comfortable, semi-dressy.
Imagine our disappointment when we noticed the hole in it :(.
Now we're having to return it, and there isn't a replacement option available.
Oh, and the belt is a real pain in the butt to work... it gets stuck because of the material its made of.
I just got these in the mail about 15 minutes ago and put them on immediately.
They're very soft and flattering, not to mention very comfortable!
I'm 5'5&#34;, 130 lbs, and I usually wear a 6 in jeans, so I ordered a small and they fit perfectly!
:)
O love this set and so does my little daughter.
The body and pants are nice, good quality and all, but the sweater is the one that i like the most.
Good quality and well built but more than that... i think is quite fashionable (for the winter where you don't get to wear dresses).
I also got a good deal from Amazon and the package arrived fast.
I bought these pajamas for my 6-year-old niece who is SUCH a Christmas Dork.
They fit perfectly and she was so excited to wear them for Christmas Morning.
Such an awesome Christmas gift for the little girl in your life.
Overall I like these jeans OK.
I bought my first pair in white and loved them.
These seemed a bit larger for a size 6.
But they don't look big so I'm fine with it.What I didn't really like is the color.
It's not a blue denim color.
They are gray.
It's a funky color.
Not much goes with them other than black or white.
So they are not nearly as versatile as I wanted them to be.....
Size 8 fit great -- not too low-rise either.
I needed something for light hiking that would wash easily and drip dry.
Just enough stretch to be really comfortable and the fabric is a perfect year round weight.
my baby looks cute in it and it is useful to keep him warm, as our apartment temperature is around 70F.
I ordered a M and should have got a large instead.
The dress fit everywhere except my boobs, which had gone up to an amazing 36DD.
Fits ok, I think it depends on how you are build and I'm straight up and down so I can't complain.
Love this top.
Long enough (I'm 5'9&#34;), fabulous fit and supportive.
Must have for yoga.
Highly recommend.
Fabric is super quality as well.
If you are looking for light use neck protection this will probably work fine for you.
I was disappointed that the guard did not flare out on the bottom as shown.
Other than that this neck protector worked well enough for about a week I used it while welding.
It kept embers from burning my neck and didn't even burn much where it was hit, just slightly changed color .
However, after two weeks of usage and only one wash it began to fray and fall apart, and not from being burnt.
In under four weeks it had completely lost its elasticity and no longer provided even moderate neck protection.
This outfit is just too adorable for words on my little red headed boy.
It was warm, cozy and best of all classic.
The pants were a little large, but at the time he was a little round short guy.
The sweater still fits today and I use it often.
I love that it is machine washable!!
This polo is easy to wear and looks great ; a favorite for my husband who is picky .
At first tried the large which was returned for a medium which is a perfect fit for 5' 10&#34; and 175-180 lbs.
comfortable, good for running and exercising, and actually does wick sweat away from my skin!
it feels really good when i'm running.
the other reviews claiming it runs small are correct: i'm normally an extra small in everything, and i bought a small and it fits wonderfully.
it's long enough for my (kind of long) torso.
and the sleeves don't pinch under the arms.
this is my new favorite workout top.
:)
Very comfy.
Only problem is they tend to slide down and I'm constantly pulling them back up.
Possibly from the material stretching out?
These pants are very comfortable and I would order again in the future.
I ordered brown, which is a little darker than I wanted but I'm still happy with purchase since they are comfortable and the length is perfect.
I have read mixed reviews on this product, but I love mine.
I roll them up to make them cute capris or hold them down with military blousing garters and wear them tucked into boots.
My fianc&eacute; told me that when I bend over they are a little see through, but because I wear dark panties all the time it isn't all that obvious unless you are looking for it.
I am going to buy a couple more pairs of these.
I bought these for my son to wear during winter, who is 3 years old.
They are very warm and durable.
The length is also good because they come up over the calf muscle just under the knee (so they don't fall down).
If you live in a cold place with temperatures around 0 degress, I would highly recommend woolen socks for everyone in the family.After 7 months these socks are still in great.
Much better than other marino wool socks.
I am so glad of this purchase.
I used it the very next day I received it.
I am planning to purchase another pair for my mother.
My 96 year old mother has been using them for 1 week now!
This trial run has made the decision to get more.
They fit perfectly!
Her feet stay dry!
There are no pressure points from them.
She is wearing them in a leg brace.
It will be great to have more socks so I will be more free from washing them every night.
Thank you for such a good product!
Sincerely, Laura [...]
this thing would be nice if it didnt just bunch up on your neck, and constantly have to pull it up,offers slash and bite protection, and some fire protection, but not much warmth, i was amazed at how it can take a razor blade to the material without cutting it at all.it will not help against a direct stab, but it will keep you from getting cut with say a machette, it would leave a big bruse but not cut you.
amazing material, i think its worth the price.
I bought Nautica Men's 1 3/8" Washed Cotton Web Belt with Leather Overlay, Khaki, 32 for myself.
looks very nice, I like the Nautica logo on the belt.
I got this type of jeans from different store x my husband but too expensive so I was looking x same pair but cheaper price and finally found it in my favorite website to get what I need Amazon....
My husband love it so happy with it I'm glad he like I'll be getting some more x him.
.
Thank u amazon
I used to by my white shirts at JC Penney because I love the stafford brand but currently, I need a more cost effective alternative.
These have become my new favorite.
I was skeptical at first, considering the color, but the event called for something different with taste and style, and this suit was it.
I was surprised how well it was actually crafted, and the customer service is simply top of the line!
This is a great suit my nephew loved its cut and style and we loved the way it looked on him.
I noticed the same suit elsewhere for $150.00 so I called to make sure it is the same item, and sure enough it was.
This is a great company, they really care about there customers and their products are just amazing.
I am impressed with the service and style.THANKS!!
Do you like track pants?
Buy the original and still champ!
Super comfy and build to last.
Look good and feel good.
Only 4 stars because of high price.
Otherwise, these are the best track pants on the market.
We bought these for a trip and you can't beat them for the quality at this price and utility.
The men's size L fit my spouse who usually wears a large.
I needed every bit of the women's large and usually I wear a medium.
I think it must run small around the chest.
Item came on time in the condition promised.
After one two months of wear, I would purchase this product again.
it's good but the 4.0 is alot better.
Spend the money and get the 4.0 and you wont regret it
I try to wash it before I wear it.
I have washed it 20 times and the water still shows the green color (I have bought the Viridian color).
The tights weren't bad, it is just that I didn't realize that they were not padded.
I must have padded shorts to ride my road bike.
So I returned them.
The quality seemed good, and I bet that they would be great for running.
I love these for lounging.
The waist is not elastic or drawstring, so for exercise other than walking probably not a good idea.
But I'd buy 10 pair for the comfort!
This was one of my husband wraps.
He enjoys it and finally no more complaints that he doesn't have a wrap.
Thank you.
These are great pants.
As other reviewers have noted, they run a little big long but I'd prefer that so if they shrink a little in the wash, they won't become unwearable.
The material is soft and the fit is excellent.
I will be ordering more!
I got this for my nephew and its worth it.
Branded set of tshirt and shorts.
Would definitely recommend it.
We ordered this in a size 12 for my daughter.
It is a beautiful dress, vibrant colors and a very romantic look.
HOWEVER she is NOT able to wear it despite it fitting her perfectly.
There is a surged seam inside the dress that runs all the way around it that is stitched with a very scratchy and plastic-like thread.
It cuts into your skin and rubs constantly.
She had the dress on for about 5 minutes (if that) and when she took it off, she had a ring of red around her chest where the surged seam was.
Very uncomfortable and completely NOT wearable because of the thread used in that stitching.
We are sending it back and now she has nothing to wear to the church function it was intended for.
I am very pleased with this shirt.
It is a high quality shirt and I would definitely buy one again.
I was a little skeptical when I ordered these jeans initially.
The item listing is "Levi's Men's 508 Regular Tapered Jean", but when I ordered them it came back telling me thanks for Levi's Men's 508 Slim Tapered jean.
Being a bigger guy, I was a little worried, and doubted immediately if I had ordered the right thing.
I did find that the jean is a little tighter than I would have liked, but not so bad I felt like returning them.The jeans themselves are very comfortable from the standpoint of the fabric.
The lightweight and relatively soft/pliable fabric make this one of my new go to jeans.
For someone with a bit of a rear, the crotch area is a little short, with an almost low rise fit.
The colour was exactly what I was looking for, and as described.
Nice jeans, but with a misleading description on the product page.
This is a nice pants.
I bought it for my daughter and it retained its color after several washes, it fit her well and it could be worn with several types of tops.
If you have a curvier body shape, meaning your behind is the largest part of your body, then order a size up.I ordered a medium and it stretches a little over that area.Otherwise, this is great, the fabric is faded looking and not a vibrant blue but that's fine because for me it's lounge/sporty wear.It's extremely airy and light which I love, the fabric is NOT see through despite stretching over my bum,you can see the outline of your underwear (depending on your underwear) but that's not a huge issue.
these are great tee shirts!
they keep their shape better than any we have bought before.
Great looking jean with a tapered leg but not so &#34;skinny&#34; that they are snug at the ankle.
Great color and color choices from this merchant.
Anyone who loves Levis will appreciate the style and comfort these jeans afford.
Levi's Men's 508 Regular Tapered Jean, Quincy, 32x34  ,it's very good.when i receive it,oh ,so betauly... so , i want again one
got them for my boyfriend.
nice jeans.
good quality.
came on time.
life is so joyous and wonderful blah blah
This purse is way cuter than I actually expected it to be.
It is the perfect size for a toddler or small child.
I bought this as a gift and the child hasn't used it yet, but it seems well made.
I was able to it a small stuffed animal and small toy in the purse and there is still plenty of room for her to add some small items to it.
Very cute.
.
My body needs to cool down after my shower.
For awhile I used a bath towel wrapped around my waist while I cooled down.
.
I have been looking for something better.This "bathrobe" functions so much better than the bath towel - it is really more of a wrap than a robe.I like "Spa Wrap Towel" for several reasons.
First, the wrap has a velcro strip that secures the garment well.
I can now relax and accomplish a few tasks during my cool down period.
As a bonus,  the Turkish cotton of this wrap increases the comfort while assisting in the drying process,  My physician  said it is better to have my body dry itself naturally instead of rubbing it with a towel.
.
I recommend this wrap.
I'm a size 11.
These socks fit great when new.
After 1-2 washes, they were snug.
After 3-4 washes, I think they might fit my 3-yr-old nephew.
I'd call these a size 5-6, not 6-12.
I'll never buy another cut of Levi's.
508's are hands down the best looking, most comfortable jeans they make.
I'm, 6' 2'', 170lbs (32X34) and they fit me really well.
I guess this is what happens when you move your production facilities overseas -- it's like a grab bag, you never really know what you're going to get.
My first pair of 521's are the Rigid Envy; love the color, love the cut, with a good taper at the leg opening.
I decided to order another pair when Amazon offered me a 20% coupon, so I ordered Tandem.
The first thing I noticed when I tried this second pair on was that it was not slim at all and the leg (knee down) was more of what you'd find on a straight leg jean.
The material also feels drastically different; the Tandem pair is, I would say, rougher to touch (if that's the correct word for it).
Just to note that my Rigid Envy pair is made in Mexico, whereas my Tandem pair is made in China, so Amazon's generalization of place of origin is a tad incorrect.
This was probably why the fit was different.
Anyway, without these inconsistencies, it would rate a solid 4 stars.
My Rigid Envy pair is now my favorite pair of jeans.
Item advertised as size medium.
Product is nice, but not a medium girls size, more a medium little girl size.
Little snug but big legs and a little snug but comfy for me to wear as whatever or to work out is fine
is neither good nor bad.
The tissues are enough plasticky.
On the other hand they are writing that 40% is polyester.
Not much to say.
It's a pack of plain white shirts.
They are comfortable and exactly like every other pack of white shirts from Fruit of the Loom.
Nothing has changed in the past 3 or so years since I bought my last pack.
I took my son out wearing this coat yesterday and it kept him warm and snugly.
He looked great in it and diddnt mind wearing it.
I accidentally clicked One step check out... and ended up buying this accidentally.
Nonetheless, once I got it, I liked it and decided to keep it, it's prettier than the picture shows, it shipped very quickly too.
This sweater fit my 3 yr old son perfectly!
He looked absolutely handsome on Easter Sunday!
He didn't want to take it off.
Cute as pie but does not fit at all around waist...gaps at back side...needs additional tapering darts to fit.
.
poor design
It's perfect for a boy baby and it is a very comfy sleeper.
Our grandson's parents really liked it a lot.
Good quality material.
These Jeans are what I had hoped for.
I am quite pleased with the fit and appearance.
Don't know about wear of the fabric yet.
I love this corset!
It's absolutely gorgeous and made very well, especially for the price!
The tutu is on the shorter side, but I'm okay with that.
I also hate how corsets are kind of short, but that's with just about any corset so I expected that.
I would highly recommend this and plan to buy more in different colors!
I purchased this as a birthday gift for a 6 year old girl.
She wanted a purse and matching wallet.
Both the purse and wallet designs are so cute.
The mix of patterns and colors is adorable.
The zip closure looks durable, and the purse seems easy to clean if needed.
The strap is a little short so will have to be hung from one arm vs diagonal across the body.
Too cute!!!
This was good value for money and a good fit.
Looks fabulous on.
Color was perfect and fabric is nice.
Being 6 months pregnant I found these a great alternative to maternity yoga pants.
The fold over band comes high up on my belly which provides great comfort.
The material is pretty thin, but is nice because I don't get too hot
This product is a great company and I advise that the person is buying Old wants elegance and sweet scene and thank you
I had to return them because they ran extremely small compared to other brands.
I wear SMALL bibs/shorts for LG and PI.
Sizing for Gore is similar but SMALL felt XSMALL.
Buy one size larger, especically if you plan to wear chamois underneath.
i received my black lounge pants quickly, and they surpassed my expectations - especially for the price.
they fit really well, wash well, and are incredibly comfortable.
considering buying some in other colors!
I'm short at 5'2&#34; and these are totally like 6&#34; too long.
Plus the waist band, contrary to the reviews I read before ordering, is too tight and causes 'muffin top'.
If you are slim and tall, these are for you.
Pants were small.
didn't fit true to size.
they were short.
Not flattering.
.
This was for a size 10 girl.I could see these working for a petite , small  girl.
These would be perfect.
Love it!!!!
Just wish it had come with a wristlet!
But all my goodies fit in it perfectly well!
Cheers.
Im a Firefighter, High Mountain Rescue + EMT Instructor, bought it for the adds on internet, its just a big bag, needs more separation and ways to hold equipment, you have to buy smaller bags to fit inside the bag, equipment gets mixed if you try to put it inside with out been inside other small bag.
looks sturdy.
waiting for rain to see how it works.
you can put a lot of equipment inside
I got a large, but I think a medium would be much more comfortable.
I washed them hoping they would shrink a little (they didn't) so I will keep them even though they are not exactly what I was looking for.Good: comfortable material, my boyfriend says he likes themNot so good: I don't usually fold over the top because if I do I feel as if they are going to fall off.
If you have curves make sure to get a size that fits or else be prepared for them to roll off your hips.
I think if these were a little tighter they would probably stay put.
I feel as if the bottoms flair more then they should - again possibly due to them being a bit large.Note on length - they are long.
I am about 6' and am happy with the length.
If you are shorter than that (or have short legs) these are going to be super long.
service excellentgrandson loves the outfit does not want to take it offsurely would order againhappy with the product
They are very well made, and arrived on time, but they run very small.
I am in the process of returning them for a larger size.
My granddaughter generally wears a size 14, but I will have to get a 16 instead.
Then I'm sure they will be fine.
I purchased this not really knowing what to expect.
It is good quality and durable.
I have washed it many, many times and the colors have not faded and the jacket is still silky soft.
We get lots of compliments on it, too.
This outfit is really cute but runs extremely small.
My daughter is very thin and it was skintight.
Had to return it.
Got a pair of the Levi's 508 Rigid Envy.
Can't.
Stop.
Wearing.
Them.
They really are my favorite jean.
They are relatively loose in the leg (which allows me to move freely and avoid being thought of as a hipster and/or woman) BUT they are ALSO tapered at the ankle (which allows me to bicycle without worrying about getting a leg caught in the chainring, being thrown from my bike, landing on wrought iron fence and being made INTO a woman).
Getting a couple more pairs ASAP!
I like this brand because of its great quality and construction.
This is one of the more basic styles we found from them on Amazon and my son liked it a lot.
Will buy again in the future.
These pants look just like the picture.
They are really comfortable and nice quality.
Its always hit or miss with yoga pants being too thin, these ones are not super thin.
The fit is good and comfortable, however, the fabric is lightweight and not of high quality.
A heavier fabric would greatly improve this product.
my son looks very cute in this set.
It looks cute from front and back .
i love it.
I was a bit skeptical about the quality while i was ordering ,but its good.
I bought this purse a few months ago, and love it!
The purse is very well made.
The wide strap makes it very comfortable to carry.
My S&W 38 Special fits into the holster perfectly, and the elastic/velcro strap keeps it in place securely.
The multiple compartments help me to keep everything else organized.
And, it's very stylish.
Nobody else can tell that it's a gun concealment purse.
Low quality product, according to the sales price, but is actually a very poor quality garment that is useless very poor quality
I have purchased this shirt and today is the first day of school and my son has it on.
He likes it!
It seems to be the perfect shirt, the fabric, color and price, I would recommend.
My wife is 5.6 and 105 lbs.
Ordered the small one for her and they fit perfectly.
Little money good fit.
Might order some more.
I have a three year old and we bought this style of jacket for him the fall of 2011.
He wore it that winter and again this season.
We snipped the arms part way through this season to increase the length.
I purchased this jacket 2 sizes bigger in hopes that it will last the next 2 winters.
We live in Wisconsin and spend plenty of time playing outside.
He always stays dry and warm.
After much use the jacket still looks new.
I have purchased these shirts in several different colors and find them to look, fit, and wear well.
When flying long distances (10 hour flights) it is a great shirt because it is comfortable and breathes.
Have worn them in tropical and hot dry climates and regardless of where I am these are fantastic shirts.
Love it, fit good, feel good extremely sexy.
I am very tall but a size 2 this fits perfect.
:)
I was very skeptical in purchasing a corset online.
Number one reason being the size.
I'm 5'1&#34; and fit into a 5/6 dress with a large C/small D bust line.
So naturally sizing can get a little complicated... Reading through the rest of the reviews I have to agree the corset sizing runs slightly on the small side.
I purchased the medium(Us womens 8) being as there wasn't a smaller size available for this product at the time and can't complain at all.
It fits just like any 5/6 dress I own.
The color is beautiful and the boning through the corset is really durable.
The neckline is true to the picture, it has a lovely heart shape to it with very pretty lace.
The skirt it comes with has an elastic lining that slides under the corset nicely and doesn't bunch up.
I am absolutely in love with this product and would definitely order from the seller again.
To my surprise it also arrived a day earlier than expected & who doesn't love that?
This corset/skirt combo is definitely better than any cheap costume I could find at a Halloween store.
It's going to be the perfect addition to my burlesque outfit.
Can't wait to show how I burlesque!
The fabric is very soft and the fit is just as expected.
I have used them frequently for lounging and running in cold weather.
They seem to be holding up fine, butIi've only had them a few weeks.
We'll see how they fare after a bit more use!
I purchased the set for 2 years-old girl (2T) but it was too small.
Needed to order a size bigger,3T.
I love the Hide-ees, and will be buying more for my daughter.
I love the bloomers look, and like how cute they are.
This was a gift, then I had to buy one for myself because it was so warm.
Use this as a base layer when you know you are going to be out in cold.
Rec'd merchandise as described and to be of first quality material and workmanship.
Extremely pleased with both quality and value.
Quality is great.
Soft and comfortable.
Our Grandson loves Batman and was very happy with his Christmas gift.
Would look for simular items in the futrue.
This shirt claims to "give you more energy" by keeping the sweat on your skin.
While in theory this may be true, I never found out.
This shirt is so bulky and in many respects uncomfortable that i didn't wear it for more than a month during sports practices and games.
If you are a hardcore athlete, this shirt might be relevant to you.
Otherwise, spend your money on under armor, nike, or adidas stuff.
I like the high quality construction and details on this bag.
Lots of little pockets and even a place to keep your pens.
I love the cross-body strap.
I got the sky blue and brown combination, which is very pretty.My one complaint is the magnet used for the front closure.
You have to be very careful not to put any magnetized cards like bank cards or hotel keys in the front pocket or even lay them on the purse.
Cards in my wallet inside the purse have not been affected.
This wool top lasted me 6 months while thru hiking on the PCT and I can still wear it.
For the price this is a quality piece of clothing that manages body temp well and holds up exceptionally well.
Wish it was available again as I would buy more.
This is one of my fav shirts to either wear on the green or just as everyday use!
it has a perfect fit and feels awesome to wear!
this is one of my best shirts in my closet and will buy many more.
I would recommend this polo to anyone who is looking for a great golfing shirt!
one size does not fit all.
carhartt  is quality gear.
but did not fit my 7and 3/4 inch head.
.
I gave it to the needy.
I don't know if these jeans were mislabeled, but the length was about a 36!
It was comical.
There's also lots of stretch in these too so you'll want to size down.
The quality is nice and will return for a smaller size.
they are very thin, made with spandex & polyester material.Whatever happened to real Levis?They seemed to fit OK but are definitely not for working in.
If you are looking for work jean dont buy these
My husband loved this shirt.
He wss asked by other sports enthusiasts where he bought it.
The shirt is a great product!
I bought these for my yoga and kickboxing class and I'm very much a fan.
Sadly they were much too long and I had to hem them, I got a medium and I'm 5'1''.
Which wasn't a problem just inconvenient
I liked at first sight, good colors, sewed great and good quality jeans, nadeyust that long in them going away!In general, I'm not lost, jeans standing!
Thank you)
I love the look of these under my daughter's dresses.
They are slightly longer and slimmer than expected but still fit my 35 pound 3 year old in the 2-4 size.
I have them in pink and white!
Lovely outfit just little big in sizing loved it though stick to normal age required... :) would def recommend buying
Levis are always a good deal, especially at this price.The 508's are a nice tapered, slim for even for a big guy like me.
I'm 6'4&#34; and 240lbs with pretty thick calves and these have more than enough room in a 36/34 for me, without being baggy.
I am furious!!
Sizing chart says Small would be a size 7 and I got a size 4!!
My daughter is going into the 2nd grade and this was supposed to be for school and it looks like doll clothes.
If they have actual &#34;sizes&#34; they should list the sizes instead of relying on their inaccurate sizing chart.
Love these jeans!
Just so you know... Order a size smaller than usual.
I'm 147 lbs and a size 8 fits perfect.
These jeans fit very low on your waist so they're extremely comfortable  with my &#34;muffin top&#34; waist.
Expect to wear a longer top or flash some skin when you bend over.
However, the waist is cut so there's not that annoying gap in back.
The length is average so if you are tall they may be too short.
I'm 5'7 and they're ok after they stretch out and sag a little.
The flannel lays flat and the jeans are well made.
I ordered 1 pair to try them and then quickly ordered 2 more.
I do wish there were more choices of color and length.
These are comfortable pants that feel great to the touch.
The fabric picks up lint easily.
I was hoping for a tighter fit in the back and front but that may be my body, not a failing of the pants.
we love this brand of pajamas.
the shirt did split at the ruffled seam but it was an easy repair.
we've only skipped wearing these new pjs on the night of the repair.
highly recommend!
I was worried at first because I thought the wetsuit would not fit my2 1/2 year old daughter, once I recieved it, we put it on her, and it was the PERFECT FIT.
we are scuba divers and we are teaching my daughter how to swim and the wetsuit is what she needed to be in the pool for long periods of time.
Once again product qualilty is OUTSTANDING.Monica
These pants were ok.
Im about 5'8 and they were really short on me, like up to my ankles.
The fabric is soft however, and they cant put up with a lot.
Since theyre too short, I use them to paint and what not.
They held up good with the paint and in the washer, so they're strong.
I just wish they would have come in a long size.
Love the dress, can't wait to get my little girls picture taken in it.
It is very true to the picture and the sizing is also accurate.
I bought these sweatpants becase they seemed like a good value.
I am not disappointed with them!
They are exactly what I expected.
I bought it for my husband guessing it'd look freaking awesome on him and it does!
It looks exactly like the image and absolutely worth the price.
I don't usually buy clothes online but thought this was adorable and a good price.
It is good quality.
The colors were vibrant and my daughter looks adorable in it.
How can you go wrong with a Sock Monkey.
This is an Awesome coin purse.
I had this toy as a kid and loved it.
Hope this gift will be loved as much as I loved the original!
actually this brand clothing is never wrong, it's excellent and beautiful, buying everything went very well.
I love it!
Bello
I really wanted to like this jacket but had to return it for several reasons.
First, I'm 5'7", 140 lbs.
and wear a size 8 or 10.
I ordered a large.
The length on the jacket was fine and it had a nice feminine cut.
But it was completely too tight in the chest and my breasts were really compressed with the jacket zipped up (I'm a 36C).
Another strange thing about the jacket was that the sleeves were nice and long, but they were also very tight.
And I would say I have slender to normal-sized arms.
I could not imagine even wearing a thin long-sleeved sweater under this jacket without being really uncomfortable.
It's almost like this jacket was made using the sizing of a child and not a woman.
However, I did like the style of the jacket.
It's very thin and light and doesn't make you look like a big puffball.
Also, the side paneling is awesome -- it takes some of the bulk out of the jacket and helps keep you cool under the arms.
But unfortunately, the fit is just really weird for us women with curves.
fabric is good, especially it fits me very well, and like a tailor made, recommend to other jeans lover, this is wonderful
I own Turtlefur hats.
I expected not to have to wear one on top of this shellaclava.
The part that goes on the head is way too thin.
These pants are great.
Very comfortable.
Not too thin not too thick or tight.
Just a very nice soft cotton stretchy pant.
Length was good too.
I am 5'8 and I like to have an inseam of at least 33&#34;.
I ordered a medium if curious.
Cute, granddaughter loved them.
Would buy again or another pair similar to them.
The materials was very soft and cozy.
nice quality shirt, fit to size
love this dress and love the colors, i am not a pink person but love brown, and the two of them together are a good combo
it looks beautiful in wearing and i really liked all items i bought of Nautica from amazon,hope to find more good deals of this brand
Been trying to purchase for over a month.
This merchant has a bad history of leaving out of stock merchandise listed for weeks after it is gone.
Does not correct listing.
I purchased this for my husband as he comes home with huge burns and slag cuts on his neck.
The kevlar stops both!!
However, when it is worn often it slides down the neck and leaves the top exposed.
I will take options on how to keep that from happening.
Thanks again!!
Was great, but after a lil bit the logo on the shirt came off.
It's only ironed on.
But the other logos are stitched on.
Still not a big deal, I still really like it, I have bought a total of three so far.
These capris are very well made however they seem to fit tight more like a legging.
If you don't want that fit order a size larger...
I bought one from a store close by and I liked the fit so I decided to order 2 different colors on here.
What I received were much smalller than the one I bought from a walk-in store, and the material felt much flimsier, lighter.
I checked where they were made and the ones I got here were made in Thailland while the one I bought from the walk-in store was made in South America.
One of the pants I got here did not even have the red tab on the back pocket, it was just a blank white tab.I find the lack of consistency in quality very disheartening.
just too good for the price, is a beutifull suit.
My son look so cute whit this outfit.
i really love it.
This was purchased for my husband who is a police officer.
He works the graveyard shift and in the winters in colorado it gets very cold.
This under armour keeps him very warm.
We are very glad we made this purchase.
Really like this hat.
Its warm and built to last.
For some reason this color was cheaper but i liked the army green color.
I thought I'd give this style a go as I like the 505 regular Levi's but wanted something a bit more tapered in the leg.
They are not as comfortable as either the 505 or 513 styles.
The outfit is right and my son loves it, but I found a few stains that I hope comes out with some soup and water.
A fun piece that was given as a gift.
Will probably be used for a place to store rings and earrings when traveling.
A little small for an actual functional coin purse.
Fun nonetheless!
Very cute and comfy.
Beautiful color.
Good for Yoga / workouts.
But only 4 stars because they stretch a lot pretty fast...
perfect fit.
And she loves it ;D DEFINITELY recommended.
and the price is awesome!
only paid 7$ no shipping charges!!!!
these guys are the best!
(your girl has to be skinny btw, no fatty's will fit.)
;D
My granddaughter has EVERY COLOR of Hide-ees!
she wears them every single day with all her dresses and little summer tops.
she wears them as shorts instead of regular shorts.
they are soft, launder well, and come in wonderful colors.
every little girl should have a drawer full of Hide-ees!!
I have had this bag from Sept-now and I have to get another one.
First the zippers fell off, and now the straps too.
It came smelling like fish when I first got it and the scent would not fade for 2 weeks.
Awful.
The metal button are plastic and the inner lining is thin.
It's genuinely a bad coat, and I wouldn't recommend it.
I bought this dress for my daughter for the holidays.
This dress is great quality and fits beautifully on her.
Would definitely recommend!
I love these jeans!
I bought my first pair at Macy's and they were great.
I bought the exact same pair (and size) on-line but it did not fit the same.
I'm gonna wash and dry hoping it will shrink to fit.
Should have gone one size smaller but I am not familiar with buying jeans from Lee.
However the 29x30's are a great fit for me.
Very happy with this purchase.
Large enough to handle any change I have and sturdy.
I'm a little disappointed that the cord is not longer, but over all very satisfied.
Had owned Fruit of the Loom T-Shirts previously.
Purchased these as the other ones had worn out over about three years of regular use.
These socks are very nice and soft.
They are more thin than I expected but this does not compromise the quality, they are still great socks and the colors are very nice.
These are by far the best socks ever!
They will last a lifetime!
Smartwool socks rock!
buy them in multiples if you can!
:
Not quite as good as my other Smart Wool Brand tops; a little flismy where the zipper is stitched in and around the neck.
May get 2-3 seasons before zipper and turtle neck are trashed due to light weight construction and skimping at zipper and neck areas.
Our second son was born in a different season than our first, so we needed to stock-up on warm fleece sleepsacks in his size for Winter.
We love that he is warm in his crib with just a onsie and sleepsack, and it's super easy to change his diaper in the middle of the night!
They fit true to size, and last a long time!
Our older son kicked-off his blankets all the time, so once we found the toddler size we were hooked until he outgrew them around 4yrs old.
Thought that these would be bluejeans of a different color, the way Levis used to be available in a number of different colors.
These are not.
Instead, they are material such as one might get in cheap khakis, cut to a bluejean pattern.
Not so objectionable that I'll return them, but not something I'm glad I got or that I would get again.
This is NOT a cheezy onesie ....
heavy qualitiy material and trim.
Great value ... perfect for your babies 1st Camo!
I, too, found that I was swimming a bit in the size small.
However, I also find it comfy to have a little room in my jammies.
I forgive the thin material as it does make them easier to squeeze down for traveling (and that is the only time I wear them).
I'm not out to impress anyone on the road so they work well for me :-)
If your kids are into "Angry Birds" as my grandsons are, then this outfit is perfect for them.
The kids loved it.
Well-made and very colorful.
Shorts are a little bit long but does not ruin the attractiveness of the outfit.
These jeans give you all the style of skinny jeans without being too tight in the crotch or seat, so I'd say it's the perfect combination.
My son wears it often and he likes it.
I will surely recommend this site to my friends.
Maybe will be back for more.
I bought this outfit for my nephew as a birthday present.
He absolutely loves it.
Fits well and a great value!
Arrived quickly super outfit for my nephew he looks so cute with this coordinating outfit.
Made really well, will be the one outfit to outlast him.
This pullover offers warmth and plush comfort unmatched by any other pullover I've tried on or owned.
It's my favorite layer for getting up on a winter morning and hanging out around the house and yet looks more than good enough to wear out.
Think after ski or going out on a winter night.
When first trying on it seemed a tad large, but after laundering it fits really well.
I love this thing.
I was so pleased with my purchase.
The quality was better than I expected.
The terrywrap was well made of thick fabric, the color dark and rich.
I highly recommend this item.
Can't say enough good things about this cycle bib...comfortable, great fit and durable.
What else can you ask for on those long rides.
Gore quality is all over these bibs.
They are one of my favorites.
This decal is a clearer than the t-shirt decal but looks faded.
I love Jeffrey Combs/Herbert West however.
The image of Carl Hill's/David Gale's head is unclear.
It is incredibly soft and very cute.
My baby wears it frequently to bed and it keeps him warm but still able to kick his legs as he wants.
I have others by halo and love them just as much.
I plan to buy this for all the new moms I know.
Love this product.
It fits great and does all that you can ask.
the combination of quality and fit and price make this the best value in bibs that i have found.
after trying one and a couple of other brands, i reordered this product.
These are very tight.
I wear 32x30 pants and a size medium was too long and too tight.
I can still wear them if i pull the legs way up, but the zippers wont stay shut.
If I didnt get them on clearance, then Id send them back.
Also be aware there is no padding.
The shower body wrap was terrible.
I returned it within days of my purchase and, thankfully, received a full refund.
The wrap closes around the waist with velcro and the velcro causes the inside waist band to shred immediatly.
The wrap should be made with snaps rather than velcro.
The sizing also seems larger than advertised.
My waist is 33 and I bought a small/medium (S/M) and it seemed much larger.
I ordered a similar Elmo outfit set for my son because the design was actually fashionable and had his favorite character on it.
But, the pieces are of such poor quality I will not order any Nannette items again.
The fabrics are thin and cheap.
The stitching is not straight, with loose threads all over.
The short pockets were misshapen.
I was looking for carry-on luggage as I was tired of paying $120 for luggage fees.
A friend of mine gave me her used Leisure carry-on and I liked it but I needed another as there are two of us that travel together.
I found this and was shocked at the price, I couldn't belived that it was that cheap.
I got 2 for less than the regular price of 1.
I really think the company went out of business and that is why Amazon.com lowered the price.The quality is GREAT.
It is very roomy, and it meets all airlines rules for luggage size.
I definitely would recommend this product to anyone.
It is wonderful quality at a wonderful price.
I really liked the quality of the jacket and pants.
I would have given this outfit 5stars but it had a flaw.
The clothing label was stiched on the front of the shirt where the picture of the dog is.
I would have returned it but it was a Christmas present and there was no time.
I was able to cut the label off.
The watermelon purse was a hit with my granddaughter.
The only improvement would be to have a couple of pockets in it to separate items.
Perfect lee jean.
The size was right the colour was as it looks like in the photo and it comes also with a belt.
Lovely outfit for my granddaughter's third birthday party coming up.
It will be combined with pink and will sport a pink poodle applique.
These shirts seem really nice & a lighter weight which is what we wanted.Perfect for school uniform.
Look nicer than others I have purchasedHaven't laundered yet so time will tell.
I am 5'7 and have a waist of 22", hips 39" inseam 32 1/2".
I am curvy and my weight is in my hips and butt.
The pants is a soft somewhat thin material.
So if you have cellulite I suggest you stick to the darker colors if you buy one.
Next, the first time I wore the pants it fit fine.
However, after it was washed it did shrink.
So now it looks too short.
I ordered a medium but wish I went with large due to the length of the pants.
I saw reviews where everyone said it was too long but for me it was too short.
I think anytime you can see someones socks when standing that is not long enough.
The pants is not too tight but the material is not strong or heavy weight so the waist does stretch out some.
I only wore it a hand full of times and mostly at home because it is too short to wear elsewhere.
I love this shorts.
Good quality, and have a cute belt.
They are very comfortable.
I recommend it to everyone.
Very cute, I love it.
But the size is smaller than other brands, so you should buy a bigger size than the one you need.
Sadly I think I won't be able to use the one I bought...
this lingerie is so weak and came with a few tears already in it.
ive tried to sew it up because i dont like to throw things away but i had to.
it just looked really really cheap.
Love it, top quality product, love the price.
Just wish they had a bigger one just like it.
Ordered this for my Girlfriend while i was away, it arrived just as promised!
Great service, awesome prices.
Awesome seller!!!
A++ place to shop
The outfit is beautiful... but the tunic is quite a bit smaller than I expected... I ordered a sixe 2X but the tunic is more like an Xlarge... I barely fit it over my head.
I will keep it though and hope that 'someday' I will be able to wear the outfit all together.
I went to gun shows looking for the perfect purse.
They were in the price range of over $200.
Too much!!!
I found this one on Amazon and decided to take a chance.
It is well constructed and looks great.
So much storage and well worth the price.
Better than any other handbag even if it didn't have the concealment!
I am 6'4&#34; and 225 lbs.
ordered xl and it is a little large around the waist put works great with the Velcro.
Length works for me compared to the short one I previously used.
This is so sexy & cute!
I'm very impressed with the quality!
I will definitely be back to shopFor more.
My wife loves them and so do I!
They fit her great and look cute and sexy!
Great price!
thank you!!
I ordered this tuxedo a few days ago.
I got a letter from the seller assuring me they would be happy to help me if I had any complaints the day after I placed the order.
I received notice that it was shipped and it arrived at my door the same day it was shipped.
It was a touch wrinkled but otherwise magnificent.
I have bulky legs thanks to doing squats at the gym.
So while the fit around the thighs was OK, the calves were much too tight.
Also the seat was too baggy for me.
I tend to wear my pants at my hip rather than waist, so I believe that was part of it.
These seem to be meant to be work at the waist.
The Rinsed Playa color has a lot of stretch to them, so much so that I had to send back my normal size and order a size smaller.
Not that anyone ever complains when you have to order the smaller size.
Right?They fit great and look just as good.
My son loves his T-shirt and I love the quality.
When I found out that my son was into rock/classic rock i.e. the search for graphic T-shirts began.
There's not a whole lot out there-esp.
nice ones like this.
Love the lyrics to Free Bird with in the guitar w wings!
Kewel mannn!
My granddaughter chose this from the pictures, and I was so hoping it would be what she thought it would be,,,,, was not disappointed as it fit perfectly.
She is small for her age, would order up otherwise.
The color and style were true to picture as well.
Thank you!!
It's very good.
I like it'scolour.It's very good.
I like it'scolour.It's very good.
I like it'scolour.It's very good.
I like it'scolour.It's very good.
I like it'scolour.
The jacket is very light and packable.
I keep it for the rare rainstorm while cycling/commuting.
There are no zipper vents or anything that advanced, and its definitely more waterproof than breathable, but it does keep me dry in a downpour.
It could get a bit muggy inside if my ride were longer, but its just a few miles.
Would buy again.
Ordered this for my son as a gift--the fit is perfect, the color was exactly as described--and VERY fast shipping.
He was very happy with this hat and that made me happy!
I really love these pants.
They fit well, and stay wrinkle free.
They wash and dry with no problems and do not stretch out as you wear them.
The only problem i got is the socks loose the new look after the first o second wash.
Very conformtable, very cushion.
I got this gi for my 19-month-old--who wants to do everything his dad does, including martial arts.
The top fits well and still has some room to grow (size 18-30 mos).
I had to add extra Velcro to the belt to pull it in, since it doesn't tie, but my son is pretty lanky, so that was kind of expected.
And it took less than 30 seconds.
Can't comment on the pants as they were missing from our shipment.
(Amazon and I worked it out.
No big whoop.)
However, it was so comfy and adorable, that I completely forgot the extra steps I had to take to find pants.
It had that kind of power.
;) Seriously, you may go blind from sheer cuteness.
Just saying.
I bought this last year for Christmas.
It has adorable ruffles at the ends of sleeves and at the waist--my daughter absolutely loved it!
I use this item for work and it's the perfect size for holding all of my stuff that I normally use on a daily basis!
I was glad that I was able to find it at such a great price, too!
Thank You!
:-)
I was somewhat skeptical when I bought this hat.
The temperature here at the moment was -5F and strong winds made it worse.
I was not sure about how effective it would be in covering my head and ears.
But when I used it, it did a great job in keeping the wind out and keeping my ears warm.
Pretty comfortable and not overpriced.
I especially like the fact that the shirts have no tag to itch my back.
great spandex material, but too long, I'm 5'6&#34; and got large but its about 3 inches long.
you can hem if you want, but i wear them with boots.
This product it very poor in quality.
The fabric is so thin and the seam underneath the breast was very loose.
It was a complete disappointment.
The color also looks very muted and not as bright as it looks here.
Needless to say the item got returned asap!
This is well made and the colors didn't fade in the wash, nor did the outfit shrink.
This brand is excellent.
I have purchased others and will buy more.
These pants are great.
My only issue is that they are a little long but other than that I love the way the feel soft and very comfortable.
I bought this for a layer while cool weather biking and while it performed quite well for that i have adopted it as my evening shirt.
Very comfortable and very warm.
It's pretty pricey for an undergarment otherwise it would be a 5 star.
I love the look of this hoodie however, the quality is very poor.
The material is very thin and the buttons are very cheap looking.
Also, the first time I washed this hoodie it faded badly and had fuzzy lint balls all over it.
If you order this hoodie just know that its not gonna last too long!
I'm amazed at the properties of wool which are different from cotton or other plant-based materials.
I used these for hunting at high altitude and they breathed while keeping me warm.
Wool socks reach to the tops nicely - no issues with being too short.
Very comfortable, but the medium's were a few inches long on me (i'm 5'4").
Not to mention I'm pretty big in the hips, got a medium because I know yoga pants run big because they're so stretchy, and yet these are still too big.
Order a size smaller at least!
The shorts are good quality piece.
Fit great.
If you are more full figured I dont recommend them as the fabric is not very forgiving.
I didn't really expect anything grand...obviously these are a cheap pair of pants, but they fit very strangely and are really thin.
I am a large due to my large rear end and these pants clearly cannot accommodate that.
If you are tall and slender these will probably suit you fine.
If you're more of a curvy build, I'd keep looking.
It is very soft and easy for her to carry.
Beautiful color and very nice.
She carries it everywhere and the straps are durable for 3 year old wear and tear.
is not as i thought it was going to be, its cheep made and smells like oil and i have washed it more than twice and it doesnt go away.
!!!
This top fits well, and the longer length (on me anyway at 5' 2&#34;) is very flattering.
It stays in place during my barre classes, and the neckline is high enough that there is plenty of coverage no matter what stretch or position.
Normally, I wear a Large in yoga tops (I don't like them to be too tight), but this one I could have even sized down.
Overall, I am very happy with it.
The pants are a really nice dark, consistent blue.
However, they are about 3/4 of an inch shorter than two other 34 x 34 pairs of 508s I got from Herberger's.
These pants look very nice.
I like that they are 100% cotton and fit well.
Make sure to notice that they are slim, not regular jeans so you may need to size up in some way to avoid tightness.
This jacket runs a bit large; as did the other denim jacket I ordered from Jeanstar.
Cropped?
I don't know; I am average height (5'5 or so) and it hit me slightly below the navel, which I like.
The fabric is lightweight, with a slight glimmery finish.
It looks nice with black pants or skirt and the collar lays nicely at the neck for a lady-like cut which contrasts with the denim material.
One could wear it with pearls or a silver necklace.
In cooler weather, this can be paired with a black turtleneck, pants and boots for a comfortable, but professional look, and in warmer weather a black tank and skirt.
I wear jeans only about half of the year--the other half is spent in shorts.
After finding the first pair of these remarkable jeans, I immediately bought a second pair.
I have since looked for them anytime I happen across a store selling Levi's and have never found them anywhere.
That seems strange and it makes me a little anxious.
Do I need to buy enough of these now to last the rest of my life?
That would work out to about 40, assuming 1 pair per twelve months in a rotation of two pairs.These jeans are perfect--neither too youthful and trendy, nor boxy and classic to not be hipster cool.
Buy your size and wear em out.
Bought this jacket for spring season but I had a chance to test it in winter rain.
It holds up well but had to be worn with something warmer inside as its only a thin shell.
I would've liked it to be a little thicker but overall great rain jacket for the price.
This outfit is both stylish and fairly well made.
The material on the pants are on the thinner side, so if you're looking for something that is warmer, you might reconsider.
Sweater is adorable, and they are a good fit (true to size).
They have the adjustable band inside, which helps if you have a slim child.
They're Levis.
That about says it all!
Great quality, great style, great fit.
My son loves them.
The black is very, very black which is nice.
Got this for my daughter, it was a little big around the torso and almost too short.
So the sizing is a little off, but the material is ok and washes good.
It's a nice play dress but not anything more.
fast service.
it was a hard to find item.
they have a great selection
I ordered one in the hopes that it was better than a cotton scarf.
It was sad to find that this was not true for the one I got.
I was able to cut it without any effort, so I tried a sub sonic 22 and that went thru four layers.
Now I might expect to much out of an item that is sold for protection, but, it did not overcome any test I made in respect to minimum protection.
To be fair, it may stop a dull stick.
But, on the up side it will keep your neck warm.
I have purchased an elephant purse for one niece and the watermelon for another.
The quality is excellent; the purses are bright and colorful and cute; perfect for my niece's 2nd birthday!
Great gift!
When we received the item it was more like a medium size instead of a large.
The description or the item said he had fleece in it.
Well if there was fleece in it, I can assure you it was so thin you couldn't tell.
It would have cost almost half of what I paid for it to ship it back so we just gave it away to a friend's son that is much smaller then my son.
light weight and nice enough to wear to work with a pair of khakis or on the GC when it's not quite warm enough for the short sleaves.
I ordered these for a field day tie dye activity.
I thought they'd be t-shirt weight.
They feel more like a thin undershirt.
My son didn't care, so I'm satisfied.
This is adorable.
It was a birthday gift for my granddaughter.
She has many other Stephen Joseph items.
All make great gifts.
Just after receiving this jacket I needed it on a cool-weather ride.
I think snugging up the hook & loop strips on the cuffs was a mistake as they trapped the perspiration that ran down my arms.
When I got back from the ride, my arms were soaked; especially around my wrists.
My jersey was soaked too.
So, while this jacket might keep the rain out, it can trap perspiration.
I will keep the cuffs loose on future rides.
This jacket has a stuff pocket.
Once the jacket is pushed into it, a zipper is there to make a closed pouch.
The trouble with this on a bicycle is that the pouch is relatively large, about 6&#34; x 10&#34; if I recall.
To fit this in my jersey I didn't use the pouch.
Instead, I folded and wrapped the jacket very tightly then secures the bundle with three thick rubber bands.
That done, it fit well and its fairly light.
The shirts are great, but as another customer said, they do not have pockets.
I ordered 4 black shirts at 3xl and they are good quality.
I would recommend.
It is the second one I buy this way, I know the size and fits exactly how he likes it.
.
Nice T-shirts.
They are what they are.
Got these to replace my Helly pants that the waterproof layer failed after 10 years of wear.
Helly replaced them for FREE!
I wore these backpacking over 9,000' as wind and rain gear and they were even better than the old pants I used to ski in.
Everyone with Frog Toggs got wet--NOT me!
Be cafeful about getting the right size as these fit a bit small on me and I sent back my first pair for a larger waist--bought a M and exchanged for a L.
Returned this product back to amazon because of incorrect size.
The size was marked as 30x30 but it was more like 32x30.
I got these for my daughter for Christmas.
Since she is the one that picked them out, I know she will like them.
She has a couple of pair already and likes the way they fit.
surprised by the quality!
tshirt a bit wide... if you have a chubby kid ok, otherwise dont be surprised... beautiful intense red and spidey looks real!
I thought this outfit was very cute.
Look really cute on my child.
It seemed to be made well.
Liked the color also.
Make sure you buy 1 or 2 sizes bigger, they are made for Koreans.....who are evidently much smaller than me.
I really liked this purse.
It is a quality leather purse which stands alone as a purse but a concealment purse at that is an extra benefit.
It is by far the best purse  I own at a quality price.I like the fact that the acces to the gun is from two sides and has a locking system.The only small improvement for me personally, not a problem by any means, is I would like a little longer shoulder strap, but that is strictly my preference.The shipment was very prompt
My nephew is really into fashion and shoes.
Therefore, he really liked this track-jacket by LRGOverall - the quality is great.
For the price you get awesome material and it looks great on top of it all.Here's an advice: Order one size up so you can wear it on top of a sweater and it wont be too snug.
I usually wear Large and it would be definitely too snug using the same size.
The XL that I got fit perfectly with the rest that I had on beneath.Love it.
I wear these jeans at least once a week.
The color is good and passes as business casual.
No complaints!
For older guys like me, Levi's just about hit it out of the park.
I wanted jeans narrower in the leg, close to skinny (I really don't like baggy jeans at all), but with the regular fit in the waist, and not low-riding.
These fit the bill.
The Breakers I got were a smidge larger in the waist compared to my other Levi's, but not overly so.
The fit was really exactly what I was looking for.
I have a couple other 508's, and they all fit just as well.
I hope Levi's keeps these around for a long time (they must be doing well with them, because they're hardly ever on sale!)
.
Buy this if you want:-Comfort-Warmth-FlexibilityI am about 5'2 with average legs.
These pants are on the slightly long side, if I were 5'4 they would probably perfectly fit.
It's not a problem for me though because as long as I wear shoes the cuff is kept off the ground although I think I will try to hem it up an inch or two later.
Overall they are very comfortable.
A plus side I think is that they are pretty warm and although they are thin, the wind doesn't pass much through them to chill my legs in 35 degree weather.
I think they fit small, my daughter loved them and said they just look tight.
there is also a 23 year difference between us too.
Bought this for my daughter & her American Girl doll.
They both fit well & was way cheaper than buying a matching outfit here than thru American Girl!
Comfortable, soft, nice fit.
Love them!
Easy to wash, easy to launder.
I have two pairs so far.
Good buy!
I purchased these pants to wear while traveling.
They are very comfortable.
I am 5'5&#34;, they fit very well.
They were a great price, I will be purchaseing another pair.
The clothes appear well made and arrived fast so far so good.
Haven't given the gift to the young child I bought it for yet but I hope they wash up nicely.
Thanks
If you want the new slimmer looking jeans look without the uncomfortable hang off the but waist these are the jeans for you.
I love them.
Be sure this color orange is the right one for you.
It is not for Texas fans.
Perfect for us Orioles fans
Love this cute dress!
Not bad for the price.
It's a bit small but just fits my body, I'm an asian.
Shipping is faster than expected.
Bought this for my husband and he really likes it.
The first thing he noticed was the heavy Velcro that held it closed.
Compared to his old one this one is way better.
The quality of the terry cloth is really heavy it seems like its made really nice so let's hope it last as long as his old one did
Price matches the quality of the material and you also can not put a price tag on being warm (I'm from Cleveland and I am also a duck hunter).
Love these bottoms.
I recommend checking out cabelas  after the winter season because you can usually find these at a better value.
el conjunto us polo es justo como se muestra en la foto.
muy bonito, la talla es completa.
lo recomiendo.
My little cousin did not want to take this off even to go to bed.
It was perfect sizing for a 4 year old.
Quite thin material but still a great buy!
Would def buy again as really great, versatile top that washes well...
The material on these is too thin and they are too clingy - reavealing a bit too much.
I took the chance with the lower price, but would not recommend these.
I have found much better quality fold over, work out pants elsewhere and will go back to the brand that has served me well in the past.
great for coolish day in autumn or spring... not the best of quality but didn't pay much either so we get what we pay for, in saying that I still recommend outfit.
ordered two of these....they are supremely comfortable, fit beautifully and warm as can be.
Can't go wrong with Carhartt; love it.
My husband loves this so much he talked my 80 yr old dad into buying them!
He works alot outside and finds a heavy coat confining.
He can wear this shirt under a t-shirt and he stays warm and the shirt wicks away moisture.
It is exactly what i was looking for.
I'll be able to use it in the summer time for yard work.
Awesome expedient shipping, and extremely comfortable.
Takes a little getting used to, but other than that, an awesome buy.
Looking at possibly ordering more.
The set is very nice.
The size is true to description.
The quality is excellent and is just the right thickness for cooler days.
My daughter loved the Hello Kitty embroidery.
These were at a great price, but did not hold up well.
After the first wash, they did not look so good.
Would probably not purchase again, although they were a good price at the time.
This outfit is made out of good quality materials and was actually better than what I was expecting!!
My grandson loves it!
Nice Polo Shirt, i use it to work, to hanging out, to sleep.
It is very comfortable, soft and nice design
They fit perfect after I broke them in.
They were a little snug around my thighs at first.
They are comfortable now.
At first the sizing seemed right on - shrunk like 3 sizes after one washing.
Huge dissappointment.
Do not waste your money!
This purse was perfect for my three year old granddaughter.
It was so perfect, her aunt also got her one which means her sister will be able have one as well.
I believe that merino wool is superior to the technical fabrics out there in so may categories.
I have used this for running in cool to cold weather.
I can sweat and the fabric does not stick to my skin and continues to keep me warm.
When I wash it I hang dry it.
It dries quickly and doesn't loose it's shape.
The fabric is so soft that the zip at the neckline is not noticeable.
The sleeves for me are long enough I can tuck my hands into them for a little extra warmth.
Fabulous!
I love Halo Sleepsacks, but they are pretty pricey.
This was the best price I've found for this by far.
Plus, it can be hard to find sizes larger than newborn or small, so I was really excited to be able to buy a medium.
This replaces blankets for us, because of safety concerns and it works fantastically.
The backward zipper is genius, because I can easily change a diaper in the middle of the night without opening it all the way up.
We love the sleeveless design with no extra swaddle blanket.
It's perfect for a baby that doesn't like to be bound up.
These fit the bill for what I needed.
I need these for my girls at school.
They came in as expected and timely
I am not seeing how to change your size on this web site.
I want a US Large.
Please advise.
I'm only 24 but this thing makes me look and feel like I'm 12 again.
Too weird to wear in the bedroom unless you like to role-play and have a daddy fetish then this would be perfect for you.
I bought this beautiful dress for my 12 year old daughter for the holiday Cotillion ball.
The dress is stunning and the skirt has intricate stitching and sequin designs.
A definite winner!
Now that I have these pants, bring on the freezing weather!
These pants seem like they will be extremely warm while still managing a flattering fit.
The flannel lining is so nice and soft.
Though they are relaxed fit, order a size down.
I usually wear a 2 and I ordered a 0 based on advice in other reviews and they fit perfect.
I think Prana tends to run a bit big.
My boyfriend even said they look good on me!
"Not as sleek as your usual tight jeans, but not frumpy at all, they look good" were his exact words.
Great coat with nice trim.
It fits great and feels plenty warm.
I originally got a large, but it was a bit too snug depending on what I had on underneath.
So I returned for an XLarge and it is perfect.
The jeans fit and look great!!
I would and already have recommended them to a friend.
I will order more for sure.
Yeah pretty much exactly what they advertized.
Don't wash them unless you want them to shrink, but besides that they are fit and look great.
No wonder it was on clearance.
Cheaply made.
Strings everywhere.
Pants would have fit a 2 year old.
Not a 6X.
Got my girlfriend a pair of these.
They run huge!
Thought I got her a size too small.
fter wearing them for a few hours they seriously stretched out and were falling off her but.
I think this is a neat little jacket but I'm not sure it's much better than cheaper jackets.
It seems pretty waterproof and light but then so are they.
Even though this is pricey, it's worth it.
The clothes are well made, and the little girl couldn't wait to dress them in it.
This shirt is great.
We purchased it because the price was right and because my husband and I love the Prana brand, but I didn't love it until I saw it on him.
It really is a great-looking shirt.
Of course the quality and workmanship are impeccable (as we expect from Prana), but it's also great because it's nice enough that DH can wear it to work with a pair of slacks, or casual enough to pair with jeans, khakis, or shorts for everyday.
And, like all the other Prana shirts he has, it's so, so soft.
He is so facinated with it.
He does not like to wear a sweater and with this vest he is always covered!
The sweater is the best of 3 pieces in this set.
Shirt and pants don't really have any form of shape.Still does get a 4 star for the price and general look.
I prefer things to be more fitted (not tight -but fitted)
I absolutely love this pink shamballa bracelet that I purchased for myself.
It was shipped quickly and arrived in nice little gift box.
The pink crystal detailing is beautiful and fits me perfectly.
I'm very happy and satisfied!
Thanks.
I like your product.
It is very economical.My life partner loved it very much.we have seen your other products they too are wonderful.I will definitely recommend my friends to try your products.Thanks.
Its modern and slim and well made.
fast shipming and great coments by all.
Its dreassy but can be used with jeans for a more plished look
These pants are super comfortable!
They fit me a little long, but when I wear my tennis I have no problem!
I used them a few times to work out and I've also used them as lounge pants!
my grandaughter loves to wear rhis shopping.
On days that are alittle chilly, you can put light leggins on with it and it's still cute as can be.
First of all, the material is great, and my son tells me, "this is an awesome outfit!"
He wore this so much after it arrived and did not want to take it off.
I bought this for my granddaughter's 4th birthday and she wears the skirt every day after school and can hardly wait for the other pieces to be laundered.
She says that it's a "Moxie Girl" outfit.
She thinks she's a rock star when she wears it.
It is precious and one of the cutest outfits I've bought for her.
hi all , this jean comes without Stamp of newest product so that is mean item is used or refunded before  i buy it and its not accept for me buy something new and its not newbut about product is very comfortable and nice look ,color and size.
My grand daughter look great in this outfit.
The fir was perfect and item as it was advertise and came on time as stated.
it's nice and it fits well, but the material is fairly thin so you'd almost have to wear a thong with this if you don't want underwear lines.
Coloration was not clear from the on-line picture.
I expected them to be a little darker and less worn.
The pair I received were moderately washed out on the thighs.
They were ok, but expect some variation.
These are a 'true to fit' size.
Very good quality product.
Will definitely get a few years wear out of these pants.
My granddaughter wears a size seven in all clothing.
Bought this in a size 7 and it will be too small very quickly.
I would buy a size larger than you need.
Fits tight and feels great.
Warm.
Wore in colorado skiing during Feb 2014.
Seemed to wick any sweat so kept my skin warm.
Highly recommend
Dress is gorgeous !!!
My daughter is small frame so the 4t fit her alittle big but only small alteration needed on the straps .
Also a very elegant dress for the price!!
I wish they made these when my children were little, This looks a feels so cozy, my Daughter has not had her shower yet, but she did want this.
I know she will be very happy.
This is a very well made purse.
I bought it for my granddaughters second birthday.
It is a little big for a two year old, but she is playing with it.
Opening the purse is a little difficult for a two year old, especially pulling it down and back up over the wing area.
She will grow into it and will be very useable for many years.
I use this shirts for sleep and are very confortable.
I am a Fruit of Loom costumer for mere than 20 years.
Used the regular waffle cotton long johns for years.
These UA Base 3.0 are a huge cut above the old-fashioned base layer.
In 20 degree F weather you are nice and warm.
Keeps you dry too.
Definitely worth the money.
Pro: I like the design, ive never really liked pull over sweaters but the buttons and zipper make it easier to take off.
Ive been told it makes me look like a ninja lolCon: the inside doesnt have that soft fur all throughout, though the stuff it has around the neck is really soft.two buttons have fallen off, the stitching on them is very thin.The pockets are very small and dont go all the way through like i thought.And the bottom of mine is very wide, and doesnt fit right, the rest of it is just fine though.
^except the hood when you have the neck buttoned up, its really tight to wear.
I got the small size jacket, and at 5'5" 150lbs it is pretty large on me.
All but one of the button slits are barely large enough for the buttons and are difficult to use.
Loose threads all over.
Material is pretty nice, but a gasoline smell when removed from the package is very strong.
I had such high hopes for these pants, based on the glowing reviews.
I normally wear a size 8.
The 8 Regular are a little snug in the hips for me, making them uncomfortable.
They are also too short.
I don't like the way they flare so much at the bottom, almost like a bell bottom.
This was not evident in the photo.
The fabric is a little heavier than I expected.
They are well made, nice features.
I usually love prAna.
I have other prAna in size 8 that fit perfectly.
I am returning them.
These were a gift so I can't really rate them.
I only had a number to order size and these fit according to the size chart.
I was looking for something to wear for the summer that was different than the regular jeans that I have.I saw these on Amazon and really liked the look of them.The color is a nice, cool looking pastel pink, just perfect for summer wear.They have a nice fit.
I only have to have them hemmed an inch or so.
I have to have all my pants hemmed, so this was expected by me.
This bag makes the perfect case for doll clothes.
It doesn't show it on the picture, but it has lots of compartments and zipper slots on the inside plus a snap out small case.
Perfect for small shoes and socks, etc.
It is darling!
They seem cheaply made and don't seem like they are going to last but I do like them...while they last.
They are good quality, but you should probably order a size smaller than you think you need.
I got a large one as I am quite tall and not thin (nor overweight, but definitely not thin).
Anyway I found that they don't fall off if I'm just walking around, but one good tug from anyone and your rear will be showing.
I think that would have been remedied by getting a size down.
They are quite long which I like and look enough like pants that I do not feel ashamed to wear them to school on those days where I just don't feel like getting into jeans.
I would recommend this item.
the price was great, pants were just as advertised, shipping was with-in the period estimated.
I'm going to order another pair.
these are the best fitting most comfortable jeans that I have ever wore personally, and then lee quits making this style.
i purchased three items on allegra k based on the size that they explain in the article, this sweatshirt it was somewhat large and it was M, other of the item was somewhat small and it was XXL, only one fits me good, i am M.
The quality is bad
The folder over Pants were totally as expected, a little long but can fold over more for a predict fit.
No substitute for supervision, of course, but gives her added confidence to let go & tread water on her own.
Doggy paddle RULES!
nothing u see will u received it  so be care full before buying it and just check the one star comment and they are not lieing
I am 5'3 and loved the look of these pants, even in person, but they are too long for me, so I had to retrun them.
Returning was easy though and I was reimbursed immediately.
I like the suit... and the material feels good on.
However, it is not true to size.
I wear a size 16...I bought this in an 18 and it is still a little tight.
Instead of returning it, I vowed to loose the weight...I guess it's an incentive.
No complaints, very comfortable, and perfect height for chukkas or taller shoes.
I ended up buying more packs of these.
Great fit with smaller band size and finding a AA no-underwire bra for my petite 10 year old is fantastic....however, I bought this in pink, white and nude and all three had different length straps from each other.
Even the shortest straps were far too long, and I had to cut almost 3 inches off and reattach the straps on all 3 bras.
Not a problem if you know how to sew, but be aware it's something you'll need to factor into the cost if you have to pay someone else to do it.
It's a quick fix if you know what you're doing, and it only took me 5 minutes each bra.
Not sure what the manufacturer had in mind with the extra long straps when these are obviously made for preteens.
Would have given 5 stars if it wasn't for this problem.
Otherwise, they seem to be of good quality and I would recommend them since AAs are so hard to find in stores.
Sou do Brasil, e esse produto chegou perfeitamente.
A bolsa &eacute; perfeita, minha filha tem 09 anos e adorou o produto, que &eacute; simplesmente muito bem feito.
I was happy with the shirts, however when I ordered them I ordered one navy blue and one maroon.
When the order was confirmed I ended up getting them from two different vendors which meant I had to pay shipping charges twice- one on each item.
I am not happy about having to do this when it seems they could have come in one shipment.
they're light enough that your feet maintain their cool.
The don't slide past your ankles which is the best bonus.
New Balance produces a nice product, always.
These jeans aren't 100% cotton.
They have some sort of stretchy material weaved in to the denim.
The fit is a little large in the waist so maybe consider ordering one size smaller.
The leg taper is good, but the stretch quality to the jeans make them not feel like jeans at all.
I find the crotch area of the jeans is a little too low as well.
With all of that said these are the most comfortable jeans I've have ever owned.
If you are bigger in the thigh area give these a try.
I couldn't get my 9 year old out of this - he loved wearing it because of the feel, but the fabric snags so easily.
Also the fit on the x-large was snug, but because it is a base layer we kept it.
The medium that I got for my other son fit perfectly for his frame.
No I can't recommend this product because it didn't even look good with all the snags after 2 days of wearing.
You people keep raising the prices.
Its ridiculous.
I purchased them for 8$ and then a day later when I went to go buy more of the same exact pair you raised them to 11.95!
THAT is insane!
I worked for tj maxx and one of our suppliers was Zenana AND at our store they were only 9.99!
It should be much cheaper online.
And for the quality of the pants, they just aren't worth that much.
They rip after 4 or 5 washes.
When you look at this outfit online, you are led to believe you are buying leggings, skirt, and top.
NOT.
The leggings are sold separately, are expensive, and do not qualify for free shipping like the rest of the outfit does.
No truth in advertising here.
Shipping is very, very slow too.
The Towel wrap fits a little loose but my husband loves it, it will be great for around the pool
Always liked fruit of the loom better than Hanes, material seems better, and they shrink less.
Decent deal for 8 shirts.
i love it.
i bought it for my 5 years old, she loves it.
nice design, good quality and perfect fit.
Just received this set today.
Very adoable and the material is soft.
I would highly recommend this set as a perfect Holiday outfit.
The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is that the coat is very thin.
It is only one thin layer of cotton.
Cute, but not very functional for those of us up North.
Hoodie's great, shirt looked pretty beat up after one wash.
Jeans have adjustable elastic inside to adjust waist, BUT, they are absolutely on the wider/baggier side for 2T.
Our little guy just got into 2T and the jeans look ridiculous on him right now.
Got a similar 2T outfit package from CK and those jeans had a similar elastic and they look GREAT right now, just a bit long, and the shirt still looks awesome after many times through the wash.All in all, I'd say spend the extra couple bucks and get the CK outfits instead.
love the styling of these and very good fit.
classic look and great feel many different uses and good levis quality.
He loved it.
Bought it for him because all the guys I work with swear by them.
They fit great, wear well and are extremely comfortable.
Made sure to buy a color Mom would approve of!
:-)
Everything just about, said about these yoga pants was true.
I hesitated, because I did not know whether to order a medium or large since they were juniors, but from the reviews, I took others' advice and got medium.
I am 5'4&#34; and 128 LBS.
They are perfect, soft and comfortable.
I love the royal blue.
As other reviewers said, they are a little long, but they may shrink and can be hemmed easily enough if you sew, and I do, although it is a little tricky hemming jersey material.
I wanted these for a long time, and for $12.99, they are a bargain.
Now I have them, and plan to wear them to yoga.
In my opinion UA can't be beat.
Their fabrics are always great---wash well and look good forever!
I have never had an issue with the quality of their work and this item is no exception.
My son in law loved this Christmas gift and sent me a picture today to show me how well it fit.
I ordered this wrap to wear over a long floral dress that I will wear to our granddaughter's wedding later this year.
The blue color compliments my dress and feels very luxurious.
Since I am tall and my arms are long I was afraid to order something that is made of tulle, but it has plenty of stretch and is very soft.
It is every bit as warm as a light summertime sweater and the tie in front is long enough to stay tied.
I hesitated to spend so much money on a wrap, but I am very happy that I did--it is worth every penny!
These pants are great for the price, but I should've sized down.
They're 90-95% cotton and the foldover waistband is too loose.
Yoga pants have gotten outrageously expensive so I was glad to find these- maybe I'll try shrinking them in the dryer.
It took, a month to get delivered.
When I finally saw it I really felt like I threw my money down the drain.
I tried it on and the breast part fits me up to my waist.
I looks horrible!
I wrote the seller about the shipping having taken so long and they were very polite, I really was hoping I liked this nightie.
Don't waste your money
I cant wear it as well as the models but i do alright.
it looks a little bland when i wear it.
the buttons are cheap plastic with a pretty nice department of defense symbol on it.
which i like.
itis warm and cozy though.
the tag says XXL but its definitely a medium.
or a small... what size did i order?
My daughter is in the first grade and is a little old for the white eyelet bloomers.
These are perfect.
They are cute and girly but not childish.
The ruffle is adorable.
The fabric is super soft and I think it's of a much higher quality than some of the other name brand under shorts out there.
These are a soft cotton so they won't prick or snag easily.
Very happy with purchase.
Wish Amazon had them in navy in my daughters size...I really hope you get some more in.
I do think these are nice comfortable socks.
They seem to wash well.
I just wish they were a little thicker.
I get blisters on the bottom of my feet after wearing these when I'm on the treadmill for 1 hour.
They just aren't cushiony enough for that.I do like the fact that they hit perfectly at the ankles.
I have had similar socks that were a nightmare and I had to keep pulling them up when exercising.
I wouldn't order these again - but, I will continue to wear them for lighter work outs.
Love this stuff, went hunting in far north of canada, and under armour thank god you were there.
A must for any cold weather trip.
This was the worst experience ever so far its been month that i havent received my package its unbelievable that they couldnt help me out, this would be the last time i wil be buying from intimates because they only take your money and u wont receive your package
This is a comfy and good looking shirt.
It fit well and felt really cool even on hot days.
Under Armour is a little pricey, but worth it
This is a great product.
Fits perfectly and very comfortable.
Would have rated with 5 stars but when I put it on I felt a pricking sensation in my side and discovered that the manufacturer had left a sewing needle in the jacket.
I purchased several pair of these smart wool socks for my daughter-in-law for Christmas and they were a big hit!
She has always talked about how cold her feet get in the winter and now in the cold months she is talking about how much she likes these socks.
So a big success!
I&#8217;m usually and xl but i ordered a late in these pants and they are still slightly to big.
i absolutely love these pants.
but the legs are a bit long.
I&#8217;m going to be ordering another pair in medium to see how they fit
I like the color but it is very light weight and does not have the warmth I would like.
Because it is a neutral color, I will still use it under jackets etc.
The zipper is coming out already not too satisfied.
The material is not strong enough one washed it looks horrible.
Love the print & fabric!
its super roomy for my son.
They run big but i love that because my boy will be able to use it for a while before i have to go up a size.
Right now hes 11 months old & a medium fits him with just enough room to stretch comfortably.
This wireless bra is perfect for my daughter.
She is an active girl who is involved in sports 4-7 days a week.
This bra offers good, smooth coverage and modesty.
It stays put while she is playing and my daughter loves the double strap detail and the double-hooked back strap.
She has a number of these in nude, black, and pink, and all hold up well after laundering in a cold water cycle.
We use mesh lingerie bags and hang to dry and these bras hold their shape very well.
My daughter has other bras but, since buying these, these are the only ones she wants to wear.
Not exactly what I thought it would be too thin on the padding and very thin on the panties not like the pic at all
Purchased this for my nephew who started school and he loves Angry Birds.
He was excited to wear this to school.
This tote worked well for my four-day trip.
The pocket on the back unzips to slip over a suitcase handle, and the tote held a thin blanket for the airplane, my one-quart bag of carry on liquids, a jewelry roll, bag of medical/first aid supplies, two magazines, a paperback, and my small travel purse.
There are pockets for a cell phone and ipod, and two zipper pockets inside for other sundries.
The outer front pockets held my Kindle and boarding pass.
The print is subtle and goes with everything.
Didn't have to wipe off any spills, but likely could if necessary.
The bag fits well beneath the airplane seat.
The tote arrived only a couple of days after I ordered it.
Also, every Baggallini product I've ever had has been sturdy and reliable.
On the whole, I'm very happy with this product and with Amazon.
Very please with the product and with shipping time.....I ordered this product fairly late for an Christmas present but as promised it did arrive in time.
My husband was very please with the product.
Thank you for striving to please your customers.....keep up the good work!
I bought these basic tees for my newborn and also for our 23 month old.
I've learned that t-shirts aren't very practical for newborns (onesies are much better because they don't ride up all of the time when they are wiggling all around) but I've loved these shirts for our older toddler.
They are very soft, wash well without fading or shrinking, and come in so many cute colors that are perfect for layering.
This arrived several days earlier than expected.
I purchased this to make a daddy diaper duty tool belt and it's perfect.
Lots of room in the pockets.
It's made of good material and feels sturdy.
I use to be a waitress and this would have lasted a long time with every day use.
I would buy it again if I need another one.
I've bought a number of these pants as I love their fit and the way they look.
For some reason they all seem to fail in the same way: small rips appear around the crotch of the pants.
I often sit cross legged and bike to work, so maybe I'm an unusual user but it's been a consistent problem with these pants.
la ropa es de buena calidad esta en perfecto estado y buen acabado definitivamente recomiendo 100% este conjunto.
y el envio fue en tiempo record
I have purchased 4 of these pants and they are very comfortable.
They look nice too and have washed them and they came out looking nice after their first wash.
I will be looking for capris and shorts in this style when Spring and Summer come next year.
My neice loved this outfit.
I bought it for her daughter and it is just like the picture.
Definitely recommend!
This outfit arrived in a mailing bag and did not have a single wrinkle.
When I tried it on, I was amazed.
The fit is perfect.
What's not to like?!!!
My 3 year old loves superheroes.
(Don't most?)
So I bought him a couple hoodies for Christmas.
I almost got him a 3T, but my wife says he still wears 2T.
While 2T seems to be on par with the lenght and fit, the hood seems to be sewed on kind of odd and it looks to small when he puts it on.
So a 3T may be a better option.The quality is nice, the colors are true, and the fabic is a medium weight that is warm enough without causing him to sweat.
The pants are just basic sweat pants, nothing to fancy, and seem to be true to size.
Bought this item for my wife.
First purse for Conceal Carry of a Walther PPS 9MM.
The space for the gun is sooo large its oversize.
You can fit a large 1911 into the space with several spare mag clips and still have room.
The quality is excellent and she just loves it.
High quality at a wholesale price.
Great value.
If you want to make the girl in your life happy get this purse as a gift she will love you for it.
Beaultiful, but it was large on the upper part, but it fits well on the litlle body of my child.
These pants look great and the fabric and workmanship is nice and sturdy, just like I expect from Levi's.
However, I'm a solid 32 in every single pair of pants or shorts I've bought for many years, but in these I have several inches of slack in the waist!
I would recommend you order a size or two DOWN in the waist.
this dress looks nicer in person that it does in the pic!
it seems true to size.
She hasn't worn it yet, but will next fall.
hopefully it holds up well.
Love this cute pink set!
I bought size 2T for my 19 month old daughter, and when trying to layer (with a long sleeve turtleneck underneath), the jacket forearms were too small.
I bought this item in December, and by March, the zipper had broken.
I expect a bit more from Carter's products, as in the past, their products are top notch.
This one left a lot to be desired though.
I ordered this shirt for my husband who LOVES golfing.
He is 28, tall, and thing.
I ordered him the medium (he usually wears medium) and it fit nicely.
He says it is his new favorite shirt!
We live in IL, so summers get pretty hot, and he said this shirt is cooler than a t-shirt!
Highly recommended!
I may just start buying it in every color for his birthday, Christmas, etc.!!
Came on time, youth fit me , size ten womens.
Just a little short.
I couldn't seem  to find womens sweats that closed on the bottom.
These were fine.
Loved these pants while I was backpacking through Europe for three months.
I wore them probably about 1/3 of the time I was there and they never let me down.
No rips, tears or signs of wearing.
It is a nice shirt but the fitting is small.
I kept it but next time i will buy a bigger size.
This purse is beautiful quality and a great size for a 2 to 4 or 5 year old.My grandaughter was thrilled with it.
I ordered because I like the color, they can be dressy or casual.
I Love the fit.
True to size and material is light
I have an unusual body shape for a guy, so I have difficulty finding jeans that both fit properly and look good.
Normally, tapered leg jeans are the way to go for me.
I ordered these in the size I normally wear, and they were ridiculously small.
They fit like hipster super-skinny jeans and looked absolutely ridiculous.
To top it off, this is the second pair (in a row) of Levi's I've ordered that I've had to send back.
Until they improve the fit and quality, no more Levi's for me!
The pictures do not do the dress justice, it is absolutely beautiful!!
My daughter loves it!
It is definitely worth the price!
Thank you so much!!
My girl was the happiest one as she lost them before and when i received this par, she was happy again.
Definitely comfortable and warm and cute with the leg cuffed.
The waist is a bit low for me because I'm no longer a 20 yr old with a nice flat stomach, but it's still ok.
I like that they are a trendier/younger cut.
PrAna pants seem to run larger than other brands, so I sized down and that worked out.
The material in this top is nice - soft and not too thin.
But it runs very small.
I would order 1-2 sizes up.
After ordering the pants, I got them within a matter of days, which I was pretty pleased with.
These pants are supremely comfortable and will move with you while being flattering at the same time.
My only 2 concerns are that they seem to have lost some of their elasticity, so I would NOT recommend putting them in the dryer and letting them air-dry instead.
My only other concern is that the top part that folds over tends to bunch up, which leads to a lot of readjusting, but for the price, these are pretty decent pants.
I would definitely recommend these pants if you are looking for some comfortable pants to wear around the house for pretty cheap
Extremely comfy wore then after having surgery on my stomach.
Wash well and keeps color.
Wish I could have them in all the colors.
The savior for me after surgery
I love prAna clothing, and I already had these jeans in a different color and loved them, so I knew these would fit well and be lovely.
The only problem is, I've worn them and washed them twice and one of the seams on the outside of the leg has already ripped.
It's not a big deal, but a bummer none-the-less.
sexy dress easy to put on and off looks very sexy on her and your girlfriend will love whereing it
I have just received this outfit today in the mail, it looks cute on my daughter, but there are some issues to consider1.
my daughter usually wears a 3T and it is usually fine foe her, i got a 4T in this outfit and the legging is quite tight, the top is a little better, but still not like a 4T, so at least order one size up.2.
The glitter on the top started falling as she was trying it on, so i assume in one wash they will all be gone, so either u consider the top is a plain one, or u have to decorate it urself :)Bottom line, it is nice, but not the best :)
The set is really cute.
I was hesitant about getting one that was only "one size" (I'm a medium petite), but it fit very well.
It is completely see-through mesh, so don't let the more modest picture fool you.
My only complaint is the smell.
It smells like it has been stored in a musty garage.
Give it a wash before wearing it and it should be great.
I bought two of these for my nieces, one ivory and one black.
They were a hit with the teenage girls.
Nice quality.
A lot prettier than it appears.
Only had this a couple months when the inner zipper broke.
I liked the color and style plus the size is good for my needs but the outer zippers are a little sticky too so wish I'd gotten a different one!
This was a cotton zip up jacket with cotton pants; not fleece as advertised and poor quality.
I had this delivered to my grandson in Ohio and was emabrassed to learn my gift turned out to be such poor quality and not what I ordered.
These fit my little baby granddaughter perfectly!
And they stay soft after every washing and drying.
These are the two main criteria for me to really love baby clothes.
These are good quality garments, and the baby is very comfy in them!
I didn't like the quality of the product.
Picture look better than what it really is.
It's really cheap in all the content of the word.
This little outfit is so cute, great for the little princess in your life, love the jacket, quality seems really good
Bought these pants for a recent snowshoeing, and hiking trip to Canada.
I wear a womens size 12/14, with a 34in waist but I wanted a little more room for jeans underneath, so I bought a MENS large.
I'm 5'4", and they are just a little long, but cover my boots well.
Again, they are mens pants and have adjustable velcro tabs and belt loops to tighten the waist.
I love all the zippered pockets, a plus, very water repellant and the snow cuff keeps out snow to keep you warm and dry.
Very happy with this purchase, kept me very warm and dry in 10F weather.
Good quality pair of pants for the money.
This fits me just right, I just wish the material was a little thicker.
I ordered an XS and it fit true to size.
The sock is wide and does the job.The quality of the material is good but not great
This runs big!
I wear a size 10 pant - so ordered a Large.
Well it is Large.
It could hold two of me.I know how to sew, and taking things in isn't that hard.
The garnment is cute, and worth my effort to take it in for a good fit - but just a tip...  Order a size smaller.
I bought two of these shirts, in different colors, and am very happy with them.
The fit is excellent and I really like the style, especially with the sleeves rolled up.
I'm not sure how good they are at repelling bugs, but with the sleeves down, not much of your skin is exposed anyway.
The material is 100% nylon, which is easy to wash, and dries out quickly, making them ideal for camping, etc.
These pants are super comfortable!
I wear these when I go to yoga.
They're light weight and so soft.
I will be ordering more in the near future.
The problem I had with these was that they rise so high....I would have to lift these way past my belly button.
When I put them on as I normally put all my pants I got a crotch bulge.
These would be great if they were lower rise because they look great otherwise.
i returned them and got some nice southpole jeans for half the price and a perfect fit.
Amazon has superb customer service!
as expected to be.
.
very good price and a very nice windproof and warm for the winter, although the waist area need some kind of reinforcement for the belt
Keeps her warm and fits easily over her other outfits to make indoor/outdoor switches a breeze.
And its super cute!
Fit.
Much worse than other Mud Pie items we have bought.
It also seem to be less well made - color is fading already
Choose 5 star because this clothes put on feel very comfortable, very close also very warm, there is only one small regret, dress is a little small, can't understand why the same clothes size number, how can put on a little small.
Well, this dress to wear clothes in charge, do not affect beautiful, also, if there is a discount when next time, please let me know.
Great clothes, good quality, the quality i expected fron Polo and low price compared to dept. stores.
And it arrived on time.highly recommended.
Bought a set of these with a top and both have kept me nice and toasty in a West Texas winter.
Definitely recommend these to anyone who works outdoors in winter weather.
The Braza cups were slightly wider than I needed, but are made of easily trimmed foam and I cut them to size before tacking them in.
The slight bump at the bottom provides a bit of support, and they really smooth the bodice when a bra isn't an option.
Highly recommended.
nice product , good quality and it was exactly what i expected... i recomend itnice product , good quality and it was exactly what i expected... i recomend it
The shirts were a lot smaller than expected, and one had a hole in it straight out of the package.
Very disappointing.
I have purchased US Polo uniforms for my kids in the past.
The quality is always very good and the uniforms hold up and maintain color throughout the year.
This style appears to be of similar quality.
I recently donated a batch of US Polo uniforms that my children outgrew to their school for others use (still in good shape).
I would have given the shorts 5 stars but for the fact that the cut of these particular shorts made them too small in the seat for my girls.
Even my youngest felt squeezed with this model.
I exchanged the shorts for a different style that fit fine in the same size.
I know skinny fit shorts are in but you may need to go up in size to accommodate your child.
They're supper comfortable and cute.
I  them mostly to just sit around of wear them to school on those lazy days.
I wouldn't recondite them as pants to use when working out because the material is pretty thin and gets those little balls on it.
Other than that, they are perfect for what they are advertised for, lounging about!
This stuff is amazing I hate spending so much on under armour because the company is very over priced but this is priced pretty fairly I wear it duck hunting in some brutal conditions, keeps me warm!
I bought this for my 4 yr old grandson and he looked adorable in it.
The size was perfect and he wore this to all special occasions during the holiday season.
It cleans well, and the sweater vest maintains it's shape perfectly.
It can be worn through out the year, however, and doesn't necessarily have to be considered a "holiday" outfit.
BTW, the quality of the material was good and well made.
pretty thin material.
and a bit tight.
sadly.
it was a little bit long too but i did like that.
These pants are warm, fit great and have plenty of pockets.
I bought men's so they would fit over anything I wear.
The size is perfect.
I couldn't be happier.
Very effective insulation against the cold!
I wish this had been available back when I was working, I'd have given a great deal more money than this to have been able to stay warm.
The angora bed socks were soft and looked good in the package, but they were  too loose and large to stay on my feet.
They would be very comfortable if they would have been the correct size.
Very cute outfit but the shirt was pretty snug, I ordered 2T for my 21 month old, she is average size, about 27 lbs...
Good fit, lovely color, and light as a feather.
Very becoming, as my mother used to say!
I'll wear it often.
These pants are great for working out.
The fabric is light and not binding.
I like them a little big and baggy so I ordered a size up from my usual.
A good purchase for me.
I have purchased these pants in 3 colors, I love the fit and the comfort of them.
I am tall at 5'9 and they are long enough.
These pants are decent I guess.
One problem I have with them is that they're very thin so when I ran in them the inner thighs wore out quick and began to developed the dreaded little cloth balls.
( And I am not over weight or any thing.)
other than that these pants are comfortable and figure flattering in my opinion.
This is such an adorable bag for any little girl.
.
It is so pretty I wish I had bought more.
Definitely 5 stars
The outfit looks nice, but the sizes are off.
The &#34;large&#34; I ordered is a 6X.
That's not a large in store clothing!
I had to return it because it was way too small for my daughter and there is nothing larger than a 6X.
I'm disappointed with the size chart, but the outfit looked good.
Obviously, we can't testify to the garment itself.
For a big guys they fit really great I'm 6'4&#34; and I was hesitant that it would fit good.
But I was pleased with the results
I really like these pants I am a Full Time Babysitter for small children and im constantly moving and running and getting messy these pants are great and really comfortable for my constant moving day.
Great pants.
Fit great after I washed them.
I just wish Levi's would make more in the 32x36 size.
Sometimes being tall is a curse.
I loved the way it looked and everything but I ordered a size six and I got a size five it fit my niece but it's not ganna fit for long so make sure you get the size you order
The color is not the same as the picture showed.
I bought the pink one but the product is like a dark red.
I am an off the shelf guy and the pants is great - Fit great - Color is even better.
Just great pants.
Arrived in timely fashion as described.
My uncle loves it.
Washes up well.
Keep Velcro closed during washing to prevent lint getting caught in it.
Was doing a lot of research prior to purchasing a parka and this was the best choice considering in price and all.
Used recently on a trip in Canada and the real feel for the day was -33 degrees F with wind chill and all and felt warm!
Blocks wind well and keeps the cold out!
Fits a little large as many people have mentioned prior.
Best parka for the price.
The product consisted of 3 pieces, skirt, sweater and pants.The package arrived with two pieces, skirt and sweater.The pants do not get meregardsRaquel RomeroVenezuela
A cute little purse, not big enough for me to use in the airport.
Despite the size, it looks much nicer than the picture shows, it beyond the price.
I purchase this for my son, and he went and ORDERD some of hugs own, they really say what they mean,and my sin works out daily, and he does not perspire in his shirts.
And they look so goooooooood
Poor quality fabric, inconsistent fit.
This is the third time I have tried to order Levi's the same size as I have purchased in the store and they have all been returned.
For the quality you can't beat the price.
Capezio will always be better, but much more expensive.
I have gotten several months wear out of these with almost daily use(five pair rotated)for work.
I am an entertainment dealer in Las Vegas so I wear these under a pair of fishnets with a corset and booty shorts.
They take a lot of abuse rubbing against the tables and catching against toke boxes in addition to normal wear and tear.
I am satisfied with how well they have held up with regular wear and machine washing.
My three boys ages 2,3, and 7years old looked so handsome in this suits.
They wore this on their little sister's baptism.
I highly recommend this suits to anyone.
Yes the sizes runs a little small and the white shirt was also in a thin side but my boys wore it during summer so it did not really bother me.
actualy expecting it to be longer then it was.
Material at top came apart after the first night of wearing.
Was disappointed at that.
They are comfortable, but very thin material and see through, don't think I'd go out in public with them on but they make good house pants.
I usually wear a medium and got a M, but should have gotten a small, they are very loose fitting are start to sag when on, again, &#34;good for house pants on a lazy day&#34;
Does a nice job of keeping you dry the good is really effective only downside is if it's raining on a hot humid day u will probably be sweating underneath it can get pretty hot with the wrist straps tight it holds in heat
Ok but kinda tight, didn't fit like the picture shows
I got this for my daughter for christmas.
She loved it.
It is double lined so the coins don't get too heavy for the yarn.
Super cute.
I would suggest it for a cute small gift.
Was so thrilled with the clothes, the sizing was perfect and it fitted my daughter perfectly.
Loved the entire outfit Especially the jacket was just beautiful!!
A gift for a young man who was happy to receive it.....but, as all boys that age ...it was clothes.
Very cute in person.
A little more delicate than I was expecting and ran a little smal.but overall it's adorable
The outfit was inexpensive, so I didn't expect extraordinary quality, but I was still shocked when it started falling apart immediately.
It came with a bunch of dangling threads which had to be cut, but I fixed that by going through the shirt carefully and cutting them all off.
A bigger problem is that the shirt fabric is so delicate that it started unravelling at the bottom as soon as my daughter put it on.
There was serging at the bottom as a finishing detail and to keep it from unraveling, but it wasn't done well and started detaching from the rest of the shirt in droopy loops in a couple areas.
I normally wear a Medium size, it was a bit to big, even after washing, I'm still satisfied with this product though.
I love Bootights.
I have a narrow foot and usually have trouble getting my boots to fit.
Sometimes I need 2 pairs of socks to help.
With Bootights, I don't have any trouble with the fit.
They are comfortable to wear and last a long time.
I have recommended tham to all my friends.
Satisfied, product as advertised.
I've had a 508 pair of Levi's and they fit me perfectly.
These were too tight and they absolutely did not fit.
I wound up giving them to my brother.
They're good pants, just the sizing was off.
Although I've heard Levi's has very inconsistent sizing.
It's great and light weight for my 9 years old boy this winter.
Will buy another one if there are other colors.
This outfit set is so practical, stylish and versatile.
It has such an urban feel-look and the whole outfit is comfortable.
Am very pleased.
Love this outfit.
As stated in an earlier review, I also purchased the Elmo shoes to go with this and the child couldn't be any cuter in these outfits.
This is perfect and darling and I am very pleased.
We bought this cute little purse for my niece's birthday she was turning 2.
She carries it everywhere!It would have gotten a 5 star but the particular item that we received had a stitch out when we received it.
So not pleased... one was a gift that we shipped to pen pal in France and it totally fell apart in the skirt.
the one we kept also came undone.
bummer.
If you like the support of compression material but don't like the tightness, give this product a try.
It's more forgiving in the waist area than a compression shirt but it still provides excellent support in the chest, upper back and arms.
It fits true to size and is very comfortable.
I tried on similar products from Nike and Under Armour but I found the Addidas shirt was the most comfortable and the material is much higher quality.
My only complaint is the lack of available colors.
Hopefully Addidas will realize what a great product they have here and offer more choices in the future.
Great fabric quality but the fit proportions are weird and do not work for my two kids.
Waist is way too big (with no drawstring to make it snugger) and the pant legs are way too short, especially considering how big the waist is.
I'm always between a 34 and 32 inch waist.
The 34 is too big and the 32 fits my legs like a sausage casing.
The 33 fits perfect but nobody carries them.
Made an order from amazon and they are perfect.
I live the fit and they come with a belt.
What's not to like?
Theses jeans fit absolutely amazing!!
I have very large thighs and finding a tapered jean is very challenging as most usually run very tight in the thighs like the 511's even though they have elastane, also these have about an inch higher rise which is much more flattering than the 511, and also makes them a lot more comfortable to wear.
And I hate jeans with a large openings like the 514's.
These are a perfect fit and give me the exact look I am looking for!
I really hope Levis doesn't do away with these jeans because these are my favorite and new go to jean for everything!
they fit and feel awesome.
I love these pants and i will order another pair.
i would not use to work out but only to wear around the house.
the color is alot darker than the picture but this purse is beautiful and i love it .
.
much bigger when opend and very nicely put together ... love it
He loves the tapered fit.
Being Levi's, they are baggy at the seat.
Baggy pants were ok for gold miners, not for slim, lithe young men.
Why don't they get this right, even after being around for more than one hundred years?
they have 2 big stains on them which is kind of gross  but they fit as expected and thats why I kept them
Ordered this outfit for my 10 year old daughter.
She loves it and I love how adorable she looks in it.
My only concern was in washing it.
The necklace does not come off which makes it difficult to clean.
Perfect fit.
Stretchy and very comfy.
Finally cotton yoga pants that fit right from my hips to my ankles.
Yeah!
This is a very nice ,well made ,beautiful outfit.
.
the pink satin tie back is perfect and adds beautiful color.Its very comfortable and my daughter likes it too!!
Other than the fact that this runs a tad small and there is no lining, it is a really good jacket.
I ordered the British Khaki style of these pants and they are great, fit mine and are fitted well without being emo skinny jeans.
.
The texture and fit of the jeans depend on what style you choose so try and make sure you get a close up of the texture.
I like the shirts, no tags, nice and soft... the only reason why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 stars is that they shrunk length-wise.
So now they look very wide and not as long.
My daughter is tall and skinny, so the last thing I wanted was for the shirts to get shorter, but it still works.
She wears 5T and the size S works for her right now.
Would Recommend!
X-Bionic is a vanguard of smart clothing technology.
When you buy this shirt you're not just paying for a piece of cloth to workout with, rather, you're purchasing a piece of hand-crafted, field tested, and performance optimizing piece of equipment.
The technology behind X-Bionic is not only performance enhancing, but it also EMBRASSES Under Armor and every other sweat-wicking technology company.
The reason behind X-Bionic's boost to performance is this: instead of wicking away the sweat--which is what Under Armor does-- X-Bionic actually KEEPS it on you.
Sound gross?
But think of like this: if your body is programmed to do something--something that has helped it stay alive since the dawn of time--then why would you try to get rid of that natural ability?
By keeping itself in tune with nature X-Bionic has programmed a performance enhancing piece of equipment that not only allows you to run longer, but also makes you look super stylish.
A+++I bought this shirt for weight lifting, for running, and out of curiosity.LIFTING:The shirt performs well.
For a skinny guy like myself, however, I don't always sweat within the first fie minutes of lifting.
And the shirt doesn't activate until sweat is introduced.
Thus, I need to run hard to get the shirt going.
Not a problem, really.ENDURANCE:Living in the southern Arizona sun I figured this would be the perfect place to test out this shirt.
More on the way when I actually have time to run.MARTIAL ARTS:Under a gi this shirt would be perfect.
But no-gi grappling and tugging on this shirt may result in $150 down the drain.
Wear something over it when grappling.CLEANING:When I first bought this shirt I was super-nervous: "Hand wash in only cold water, don't tumble-dry, careful not to pull apart the cloth, and recommended to wash after every use."
Every use?
Really?
I'd use this everyday.
And hand wash?
I felt like I was in charge of a fragile silk scarf rather than a workout shirt.
X-Bionic recommends wash after use because it's strength is it's weakness: by keeping the sweat near you it may store some in the cloth.
This stored sweat will crystallize.
After prolonged use though I'm not to worried about it: my FiveFingers shoes taught me to just toss it in some vinegar and let it soak overnight.
I order samll to medium as there were only two choices but the item seemed more like a large.
I need to return it.
The photo of the (Blend of colors) loks a little better in the photo.
But as far as the product.
It was a good piece of clothing.
if you check your shipping/quality assurance dept,you will find i ordered a mens levi 521 and NOT 508 which was sent to me!bryce kittsonLevi's Men's 521 Slim Tapered Jean
These pants were extremely  comfy, form fitting, and can adjust how long they are by folding them.
:) Definitely planning on ordering more in the future.
Love these jeans, already have two pair, can't wait for new colors.
They fit well, and hold their shape wash after wash.
My all time favorite.
I'm 5'8&#34;, 126lbs, 63 years old.
Although these clothes run somewhat small, they look darling on.
I your child is between sizes, I would suggest going up in size
Highest quality with good delivery time.
Levis are not as good as they used to be.
The sizing runs small and the pockets are not deep.
The Levi Co. is obviously saving money or padding their profit by skimping on material.
I was disappointed.
My daughter loves Disney Princesses!
She wear them to school in the fall (in August or Septmember.)
She like to wear them!
I enjoy using this shirt for my golf outings.
Vary nice on hot and humid days.
Even nice to wear out for a casual top.
I got these pants to wear to work.
They are cheap and comfy and I work around food so if they get ruined I'm not out a lot of money.
I was disappointed to see, after I got to work, that there was a hole in these pants.
I just received them the day before.
So in a panic I had to sew my pants up that way I wouldn't have to go back home and get a different pair.
But besides the hole, they are comfortable.
They are a little looser than I thought they'd be,but that's ok.
They are very comfortable!
Good for yoga,or lounging around,and or doing yard work.
Bought this set as a birthday gift  for my Granddaughter turning 6.
She loves the colors and designs, I love the  high quality as well as knowing she can select her daily outfit with choices that "go together" so easily.
Wonderful products, well made, unique designs that stand up through the repeated use and washing of childhood.
My son Love this and really likes to wear it, all the time wants to have this super hero in front of him, really lovely.
My husband buys a lot of Carhartt things...Jackets, etc.
He loved this hat and wants a couple more.
It's a nice hat...feels quality!
I got this for my 4 year old for her Strawberry Shortcake b-day party.
It is absolutely adorable!
The only problem I have is that the pants are pretty true to size but the shirt is not.
The shirt fits fine once it's on her but it is difficult to get on and off her.
I thought of sending it back b/c of this but decided to keep because the valour is too cute!
The price is a bit much though.
Wouldn't normally spend that amount on an outfit but it was a special occasion.
Very cute though!
These pants run smaller than the 508 in regular denim.
I bought these and a pair of regular denim in the same size.
The denim fit fine but the grey brush twill were too small.
Consider buying a size larger.
Tittle says it all I love these jeans and will buy many different pairs.
They fit really well, and they are really comfortable
I bought these from Amazon LLC.
and it arrived in 3 days from my order date.
Now that is pretty damn fast, I must say I was very impressed.
I like these jeans, I ordered the wrong size which was my fault but such a great seller at a great price.
OK, so one pair did get a teeny tiny hole in the crotch almost immediately.
And I read the other reviews so I've been hanging them all to dry.
That being said, the tiny hole was an easy fix.
$12 for SUPER COMFY lounge/yoga pants, I'm sold!
I'm 5'8&#34; and they are a tad long but I don't mind.
If I did, my tailoring lady only charges $2.99 for hemming so it'd be an easy fix if I wanted it.
All in all, worth trying for the price!
I purchased this for my seven-year-old daughter who is about 50 inches tall and it fits her perfectly.
The dress is for a piano recital where the dress code is black and white, and this fit the bill perfectly.
It is light and airy and has a cute little sheer flower applique at the waistline that adds a touch of chic to the dress.My daughter does not like to wear dresses that are 'pricky' and 'itchy' as she calls them, and this one has a nice matte jersey fabric for the bodice that is soft and comfortable to wear.
The bubble skirt is also quite fashionable.
In all, I am pleased with the dress and the fast shipment.
The cap is excellent quality, but my one complaint is that the orange part on the neck of the shirt does not lay flat.
It sticks up a little.
It is also a larger than normal neck opening.
Otherwise the material and logo is nice.
Bought this for my friend and she loved it.
It was soft and comfy for the babygirl and looks great.
Bought this for my 2 year old daughter who was pining over her older sister's purse.
She loves it.
I love that it's not super girly.
The zipper is a bit of a challenge, but she's learning how to use zippers better.
My husband was thrilled to receive this as a gift.
He's a hunter and it's been keeping him pretty warm.
I bought this for a one year old's bday and it was super, super cute.
Everyone at the party loved it, especially the parents.
I have the matching jacket and I love these pants just as much.
Very comfortable, plenty of pockets, and they look great.
This bag is precious.
Gave it to my DIL for Christmas (she asked for it) and I also loved it.
Large roomy bag.
They fit well, it was a good deal.
Love these crew t-shirts.
Good for under shirts and sleeping in.
And now I have to write more words about a T-shirt in order to be able to submit this.
These pants are on the short side so ordering a size up makes sense for length.
These are a nice change from baggy training pants that are not as good for running.
ordered a jean with a 30&#34; inseam, but they were much longer than 30&#34;.
should have take a picture before I had to return them, was very disappointed.
I bought three of these for gifts for girls 6, 9 and 13.
All of the girls loved their gift--especially the 13 year old.
Very well made and the colors are vivid and the zipper works smoothly.
I ordered my wife a black cashmere turtle neck sweater for more than twice the price from another vendor, it was not even close to being as nice in terms of look and feels as this one is , my wife loves it !
I would but it again  . . .
Great for golf, casual meetings, etc.
It looks nice but is sport too.
Still looks new after several washes.
I recommend.
love this jacket, it gives warm at no cost of weight.
HOwever, for those petite size with smaller arm.
.
it'll be great.
This is because the arm opening is slightly smaller compare to typical jacket
My only problem is where the stitching meets the cup, it bunches up (maybe from the elasticity from the fabric?)
and is visible through the shirt I'd be wearing.
Tried flatting it out to no avail.
Otherwise, it does its job well.
my daugther loves pulple and pink ( but , what girl at her 5 or 6 years old , doesn't , rigth?!!)
and she asked since last year for a pulple hoodie , among others in the market she loves the complete look with the pants and shirt that match it .
so we decide that give this to her as a reward for her best grades in the kindergarten year at school .
it war well packed and it came earlier than expected .
thanks
I had high hopes for these pants for work as a massage therapist, hoping for breathable and flexible pants.
Taking these out of the package, I did not like the feel of the fabric right from the start.
It felt very synthetic and rough.
When I tried them on, the fit was nice, but the fabric was so wrinkled it was hard to get a good look at them.
All I could think was that I'd have to spend hours on these pants to iron them out after every wash, and I'm not going to do that.
So, just moving around in front of the mirror, I noticed how noisy these pants are.
As a massage therapist, I certainly don't want to be drawing attention to my every movement to the client on the table.
So, back these pants go.
Boo.
I GOT THESE FOR MY HUSBAND, BECAUSE HE HAS TROUBLE WITH HIS FEET GETTING COLD WHEN HE'S HUNTING.
HE SAYS THAT THE QUILTING SHOULD BE IN THE TOES.
THESE SOCKS DID NOT KEEP HIM ANY WARMER THAN NORMAL WOOL SOCKS.
Previous reviewers suggested buying a size larger and they were right.
I normally wear a size large in almost everything, but the extra large fits perfectly.
I can't wait to try the tights out  with my road bike.
I especially like the adjustable straps and the small zipper in the front.
Nice set, my grand daughter looked so adorable in this outfit.
Browning apparel is will worth the money, too bad she grew out of it after wearing it 3 times.
My daugther looked adorable in this item.
Item size is definitely per description...even though my daugther is taller and slender per comparasion.
Great price!!!
These were great for the first six washings or so.
Unfortunately, there's now a big rip near the front hip -- came out of the washer that way -- and the color is rubbing off on everything.
Even the daycare teacher complained about the black fuzz and stains.
They're cute, but he's at an age now where he's not outgrowing everything so quickly anymore; it's time for clothes to last at least six months.
These don't cut it.
I liked the product.
This is my first time buying these pants.
They are very soft, and they were the exact color shown on Amazon.
I liked the feel but they seemed long.
If you want to wear pants that are practically see through, then go ahead and order these.
I expected them to be a little long because i'm not a tall person, but they are CRAZY long.
even with nude colored underwear, you can see your skin through the fabric.
Yes, they are comfortable, but only because you're practically naked.
Don't waste your money.
We've had these for about 6 to 8 months and my daughter loves them.
I'm not crazy about the long sleeve dress, I think it's just okay.
My daughter wears it with dark blue leggings because they pink ones only match the short sleeve dress.
Unlike the other reviewer, I dry them in the dryer and never had any problems.
They are the perfect Ladies Butt Enhancing Panties, but you will need to order a few sizes larger.
The seller was kind enough to give me a larger size and it arrived on time for me to wear under my dress for my sisters wedding.
Love them.
Very fast service and when you email the seller, they respond very promptly.
I have this hoody with me everywhere.
It's a little thinner and roomier than my OR Radiant hoody which is a plus for me.
Combine this hoody with a waterproof layer and you are ready for almost any weather.
the fit and finish was excellent.
I'm definitely going to buy another one.
I'm 6' and 200lbs and the medium is great.If you would like to know something specific about this item just ask and I'll try to respond within a day or so.
This is a very nice towel wrap and its a little big even for saying its a small/medium but the velcro is wonderful so it makes up for it and I am enjoying it very much.
feels good, keeps my feet dry, but a hole appeared after two wearings.
Will sew it but disappointing.
this outfit is very pretty got it on time and very pleased with it will order again from this person
We put my son in a HALO SleepSack every night.
He loves it, and he stays nice and warm each night.
I loved this little outfit, I didn't know that the skirt would be attached but it didnt take away from it one bit.
I had one of my coworkers monogram her name on it :)
The picture on the model looks like a nightie that at least has an elastic band under the bust, it does not, it fits like a triangle so of course it gives you no shape, and/or no bust.
Also the straps are too short.I hope the manufacturer reads this because it is a cute nightie, cute colors, just needs some elastic straps and an elastic under the bust, then it will be a 5-star item.
Seems like other reviewers had the same exact problems.
I am going to fix mine since I know how to sew in a new strap and add an elastic band.I can still wear it to bed because it is comfortable.
Cute little purse bought for my 2 year old for Christmas...nice quality, good price.
Just big enough to hold the few little things she likes to carry around.
good quality but too big for me.
my boyfriend just loved them, i paid for fast shiping and got them very late, but other then that they are great
My girls use their tea clothes predominantly for wearing at home or casual outings - Tea is first and formost comfort.
I love the print on the yellow bubble dress and the darker leggings are of a nice thickness.
The pale rice leggings are a little too thin and not as stretchy as I have come to expect from this brand.
This set like all the others washes beautifully and is easy to coordinate.
This purse is made of a vinyl of some kind.
Pretty heavy duty and appears solidly constructed.
However, the opening to the purse is a little difficult to get into.
Zippers open easily, but the opening is just a little too small.
Since it is more difficult to get items into the purse, she usually chooses a different purse.
This is a great shirt that you never have to iron!!!!!!
I highly recommend it, and I would definitely purchase another one.
Yes, it looks small in the picture.
And yes, it is really that small.
The zipper mouth is cute, but not functional at all.
In order to put a dollar in it for my son's lunch money, I had to fold it four times!
I can't imagine trying to pull coins out of it when paying for something.
I got these shirts because I like to get plain t-shirts and embellish them for my niece.
The problem is that no matter how cute the paint and rhinestones may be, it is still a plain, boxy t-shirt.
These shirts are very femenine and so cute.
The shame is much more girly and a better canvas for the very girly thing she likes.
They are high quality.
I would like to add a disclaimer, I have not been able to see how they stand up to several washings because they are still new, but every other Hanes product I have purchased has lasted years so I'm not worried.
Purse was very good quality, colors very bright, just the right side for my granddaughter.
Very pleased with the purchase.
My toddler wore this today for the first time.
We got compliments after compliments.
She felt like a little princess.
Too cute!
All the girls in my family love the Rare Editions brand.
This set is so cute and very well made.
I purchased this for my 4-yr.
old granddaughter.
It hasn't been washed in cold water yet, so I cannot attest to its durability, however, outfits like these are not everyday wear for kids.
The price was too fantastic to refuse and Amazon offered free shipping BOTH ways if you need to return the outfit.
Highly recommend!
This was even better than I thought it would be.
Very sturdy construction AND good looks, I call that win win!
I got this for my daughter's upcoming 7th birthday, she is going to love it, the little fashionista!
Bought it for my dad and he really liked it and the color was perfect.
At the places where he shops this color has never been available.
We will purchase with you again in the future.
No issues with the t-shirt fits as expectedIt is winter now and having them is a mustMy son thanks me for buying them
I love shopping online and threw Amazon.com.
.
but I always wonder when it comes to clothes...This was a big hit...very well made....just perfect for a 4 yr old taking dance.just perfect.
.
It was, and is always, a hit-or-miss type thing when buying clothes online.
But, I'm happy to say, this brand, fit, style, everything was amazing!
So amazing, that I bought three more pairs.
I definitely recommend these yoga pants!
This cute cupcake purse was purchased for our grand daughter for her birthday and to accompany the cupcake twirly dress we also purchased.
It is as cute as can be and I would use this vendor again.
SUPER CUTE&#62; and fits like it should.
I have always had a hard time finding clothes in town that fit my daughter correctly but this fits perfectly n she looks so cute in it.
True to size and well made.
Shipping was very fast.
This outfit worked perfectly for our older two childrens star wars birthday party, as it was in fall and we could not find a short sleeved star wars shirt locally for our younger child.
I am 5'5, 130lbs.
I ordered a medium and these fit great!
EXCEPT they are so long!!
I need to hem about 4 inches off to make them wearable.
article not of very good quality, the neck is stretched and loses the rubber in the first wash.
stamping very colorful and very beautiful but poor quality fabric.
This wristlet actually holds LESS than my current wallet.
The slots are extra tight and the area for money is inadequate.
I'm going to have to return it.
How disappointing, because it looked great online.
A mi esposo le gusto, a mi tambi&eacute;n.
Lo &uacute;nico que tomar&iacute;a en cuenta para futuras compras es que la bota de este modelo es un poco ajustada, es un poco mas estrecha que la bota de un jean normal.
This fleece hoodie is soft, cuddly, comfy.
And, it's Hanes.
The price makes this item perfect!
My soccer fanatic 10-year old loves these.
We practically have to forceably peel them off her for washings.
They are a must-have for all soccer players.
Durable, comfortable, and totally-in.
My son plays outdoor hockey and skis downhill.
He was growing out of his size sm long-underwear, so I ordered him a medium despite the sizing measurements provided.
Apparently my instincts were incorrect and the sizing chart was accurate.
I needed to re-order a size smaller.
No big deal as I kept the larger size for when he grows larger.
This is a nice thin base layer...looks like a poly spandex blend.
It washes well and helps keep my kiddo warm while he is active outside.
Very comfy and baggy.
They are soft and great for sleeping in.
The socks are nice and warm too.
For ten bucks, you can't go wrong.
I ordered these pants because my other comfy PJ pants got a hole in them.
Wicked sad, I know.
So I ordered these on a whim, and they instantly became my new favorite pair of pants.
Great for hanging around the house, yoga, good PJ pants, literally everything I want in a pair of pants.
I loved them so much, I went back and bought 2 more pairs.
Can't get enough!
This looks exactly like the picture.
Its super cute, and I feel amazing in it!the tutu IS see through, so I recommend wearing some cute boyshorts or cheekies underneath.
The pic is a little misleading about the tutu, but I think its only because its on a mannequin so it looks like the tutu is darker than what it really is.I bought this outfit to wear as the &#34;Red Queen&#34; for Wonderland this year.
PERFECT!The metal clasps in the front are a little hard to put on, but its all about finding the right technique--OR you can just leave the front together and just tighten or loosen the back ribbon.
These are just what I have been looking for.
I got a small and normally wear med.
still big on me.
about 2 inches long for me.
I am 5 1 and 120lbs.
the waist is slipping a lot and I am 30in waist with 34in hip.
I needed a x-small petite sounds like.
hope this helps you with a fitting idea.
if your thighs touch beware of the material it will wear on the first day.
Warm and stylish enough to wear to the office.
Perfect product for the price vs. cheaper quality North Face jackets.
The Adidas Climacool II are of a high quality and are very cool and comfortable.
I wear them on my morning walks.
They really do fit well and stretch a little to fit the foot.
Due to being well-made, they will probably last a long time.
Worth the extra dollars, if you want top-notch quality in a pair of socks.
Good Quality Sweatshirt.
I bought it for my 14 year old but somehow missed the print that it was for youth.
When I got it it was too small.
I ended up giving it to my 8 year old.
He loves it.
My son loves it.
He hates the neck guard he had originally.
This one comes with integrated neck guard, which is way more comfortable.
Wow this pullover is just awesome.
I purchased the cream colored one first in a small to wear under a vest and after getting it and wearing it a few times decided to get the purple in a medium.
Both sizes fit well and they are very flattering.
They are also very warm and soft.
I have washed them a few times and they come out great.
I have several clothing items from Marmot and love all of them.
Bought this for my nephew for Christmas.
I'm sure he's going to love it and wear it for as long as he can once he gets it.
Soft and comfortable to wear.washes well too.an added layer of warmth this col winter .
how ever my son opts to wear to bed and lounging around the house.so I be ordering more
These feel great, conform to my feet wonderfully.
I am a fan and would buy more from the same company.
I got worried when winter hit.
I'm not going to jack my thermostat way up, but when I got under the blankets I knew my baby needed it.
At first I didn't like the fact that it didn't have sleeves, but then as I slipped my baby in and out of it after she had passed out in my arms, I was thankful for the ease.
I just keep her in long sleeves in the winter.
She's now approaching the max capacity of the small, so I just bought a medium.
I would give it five stars if the zipper started at the bottom.
I hate messing with trying to get the zipper together up by my baby's chin, it would be much easier to just zip it up from the bottom.
Diaper access isn't that much easier opening it from the bottom.
I thought I had ordered black, but &#34;merlin&#34; came.
It is a sort of darkish gray, so not worth the trouble of sending back.jeans are fine, fit excellent.
Service from Amazon excellent as usual.
It is possible that the color mistake was mine.
I am not technically adept.
I usually tend to be a medium in mittens due to the fact that I have long fingers.
These mittens run large!
I could have worn a small... so order a size small if possible.
I also found the picture to be some what decieving.
There are 2 parts to the mitten.
The physical mitten and the under layer.
In the picture I thought the thumb was the under layer exposed through the mitten.
I was really psyched about this.
When I recieved them, it was not the case.
It is a full mitten with a black thumb and glove under layer.
I've read some reviews about this not providing protection from pointed push/stab motion, that is obvious and not what the product is designed for.
What it does provide is decent coverage for slash and if you live in a crazy bad neighborhood crackhead bites.
I wish it had a smaller size for a better fit but for the price it's pretty good.
I like them.
The pants are thin material, the waist turns down.
Nice to exercise in or lounge in.Great service!
Great pant - made in Korea.
I honestly love these pants, but can't fail to remember all the crimes to humanity.
I would have returned them, but we needed them during Hurricane Sandy.
It is ok but they use a kind of "bubble" wrap for the hip pads BUT the plastic Bubble pad is sharp and scatches the skin on the edges where they cut it to shape.
We ended up tucking in a shirt but my son says it is hotter wearing a shirt under his pads so we just got another brand for the hot days and use this pad when it is colder.
At the start of the season (August) it is warm here but it is cooling off now.
(October 2009) I wish they would put a liner over the sharp plastic "bubble" pad and then it would be great.
The purse was just the size I was looking for.
Unfortunately within the first week the rivets on the handle popped off leaving the handle looking a little unfinished.
Other than that the purse is a fine quality of leather, great pockets and big enough I can put my ereader in a pocket and go.
I like the concealment pocket of the purse, looks big enough to handle a larger gun.
Ordered a large.
I'm 5'9 and 170 pounds and they fit perfectly but I'm not curvy so I don't see a problem with them staying up on me.
They're light weight and a bit revealing but offset by the flared leg at the bottom.
A slim woman could wear these and look terrific but so can a not so slim one.
Fast shipping a very happy with them.
I'd recommend buying a pair especially for the price!
I ordered 508 and received 521 instead.
I know they are basically the sake fit they just changed the number but still, if you order something that's what you should get.
Besides that the pants are on point.
Size is good, quality is as expected.
Nevertheless, on picture it was more cute, then in reality, consequently, we put it on not so often.
I purchased this outfit for friend's grand-daughter--a big fan of "Strawberry Shortcake."
She loves it.
All parties were very pleased with the total purchasing experience.
This is a very good combination, and the price is just perfect.
We try to find this clothes everywhere but its not easy here in Venezuela.
Thanks this is an excelent product, my boy love it.
We recomend it
These are great for kids who need a little extra blanket but are too young to have actual blankets in their crib.
My son loves the soft material too, which is close in texture to his favorite blanket.
The pants themselves are great.
They fit as expected and are very comfortable, however, I ordered dark brown and they have a dark charcoal appearance.
I'm bummed because I really wanted brown yoga pants.
I'm hoping maybe they will fade into more of a brown shade after a few washes.
gave it to my daughter and she fell in love with it!
fit perfectly and is super comfortable.
really glad I bought it for her.
I purchased these pants and wore them once and they ripped in the crotch.
Super low quality.
I ordereed a size small and I'm 5'3 and they still were to long and would get caught under my shoe when walking.
I understand they only cost 12.99 so I wasn't expecting super fancy but I would think I should at least be able to wear them more than one time without a huge hole ripping in them.
Returning them and going to try another brand.
I really enjoyed the product, it was just what I ordered.Thanks
LOL!No seriously this nighty is Horrid.
I guess you have to be a 4'10 tiny asian chick for this to work (If you are more power to you)There is no way that this item can fit normal size bust.
I an a C and the bottom band of this gown has no support NONE!
its not even elastic to hug underneath your breast once you put this item on you will look like a triangle.
Its almost impossible to make a good set of boobs look bad but this nighty went beyond the call of duty to make that happen.
*Currently stomping out this nighty*
i am in the medium weight range for a 5'4&#34; woman and this fits beautifully!
however the bust isn't very tight against my body and i slip out when i bend over but it makes me feel so sexy and powerful over my husband!
Yes, the material is cheap, just like the price.
But 3+ months later, it seems to be holding up just fine (even after a couple washes).
I'm a tad bit too tall at 5'8" though.
I'd recommend to somebody who's more petite.
The product ships from China, so the shipping takes a couple weeks.
I think it looks cute.
They now offer more colors.
I wish I had waited and bought the deep blue!
I would have given this item 5 stars if the color of the strap and the bag matched.The "purple" bag was my choice.
The bag strap is toward the blue side of "purple", and the bag is toward the red side of "purple."
I decided to keep the item because I like the shape, and it fits into a larger bag nicely.If you want your bag and strap to match, I suggest you choose a different color.
This sweater is nice, nothing special.
I was desperate at the time for a boys red sweater for Christmas, and didn't want to pay 50.00 for a Chaps in the shops.
This sweater was supposed to be red by the color in the ad, but it is actually more of a burgundy red color.
It didn't match with our christmas reds, but it did the trick.
It was much more that I expected.
Quite better than one of the ones you see at the big chain stores, Very thick and constructed extremely well.
I am 6'3&#34; and 250 lbs and the the length and size was perfect, Depending on how tight or loose I want to where it determines if the there is any access at the waist, and the length is above the knee.
After washing still retained full color and after going through the dryer, the Velcro has not shown any issues.
I highly recommend this product.
Good pair of yoga pants for south Florida.
Very thin so I don't expect them to last too long, but for the price I can't complain.
They come in fun colors so it was nice to get away from just the blacks and grays.
I had it shipped to my niece so I did not see it first hand, but I was told it was super cute and well worth the sale price!
Fits very wellVery warmCould be used as an outside garment if no windVery nice garment to have
when this product arrived, it was not the short pictured but rather a pair of plaid ones.
it was very unfortunate because we were counting on these for a business trip
I ordered this item super excited for halloween.
i wasnt expecting it to be super high quality but decent.
unfortunatly when i ordered it i recieved a completly different corset that didnt even fit me right.
I am very heavy chested and it did not work out at all.
I tried to contact them and have it resolved before i reviewed it.
but i cant seem to get through to them.i wouldnt recomen.
Im very disapointed.
These pants are expected with the price paid.
No more no less as picture shown.
Delivery was as expected noticed.
I recently received this order and was surprised at the quickness it arrived.
After shopping Zappos (dot com) for weeks, they never had these jeans in stock in my size and length.
Amazon had them right away.
The jeans will shrink noticeably if washed and dried so avoid the dryer at all cost.
pretty sweet!
would recommend to friends, fast delivery as well.
nice bright color, emblem is a decent size, i may order an additional one for the kiddo
These work as a great base layer.
I can wear the Under Armour, Insulated pants and a pair of bibs and my legs stay warm even at -40 degrees ambient.
They are a good fit, I have a 34&#34; waist and 32&#34; inseam.
one of the pants I got have hole one in, and the fabric is thin, I bought total 3 of them, one came with hole on it, one after one wash start to have a small hole on in it, too.
third one so far so good
This color is very special, but match very nerve-racking, the location of the trousers a little narrow, suitable for men under 60 kg figure
I use these every week i have 3 pairs and probably washed every week.
They still look brand new!
I bought them in January.
There's a very obvious seam line running down the center that shows up under costumes, especially with the v waistband.
I actually wear these backwards to try and minimize it.
Otherwise, the color matches perfectly, and they're comfortable.
Looks very good on my figure and is of a nice quality.
I'm tiny though so it might be little for someone who wears size M.
Pants were not the same as in the picture and when i finally got them they were a 18 inches too long in the legs.
.
Really disappointed.
Don't recommend
Second time I have ordered this bath wrap.
Both recipients are thrilled!
Pleased with the order process from the beginning to the end.
Bought these for our son who was leaving for a skiing trip.
The pants worked great, kept him warm and dry.
Great pants.
They're not too skinny, but they still are fitted well.
These are honestly going to be one of the best looking pants in your wardrobe without a doubt.
So nice!
I've bought three pairs of the 508 jeans in different colors and I've been extremely satisfied with all of them.
The fit is nice and comfy in the seat while tapering to a thinner silhouette that is very in style right now.
Highly recommend these jeans!
It was a real nice robe,real soft and a great price.
This same robe is on other sites for a higher price.
The waist on the pants fit my daughter perfectly, which is uncommon, because she is quite thin.
.
the length of the top is just right for her too.
but the halter inside it is somewhat of an odd fit.
the tied halter part, I stitched to the shoulders of the outer part, so that it would not slide around as much in the shoulders.
she says that it's itchy where the sequins are, but she loves it with a tanktop underneath.The cuffs on the pants are not stretchy, so she ripped it fitting her foot through.
she absolutely loves it, or I would send it back in hopes for a better product in return.don't let this persuade you away from almost famous.
she has other clothes from them that are fantastic.
perfect for my niece!
she is two so is there is some room for her to grow into the purse.
may get the wallet later....
LOVE the color, and the fit is okay - but I can easily see that they will stretch out fast.
Happy with what I had for the price, but not enough for a fifth star.
I got this dress quickly and in perfect condition.
I love Bonnie Jean dresses.
I chose this one for my daughter to wear to a birthday party I wanted something cute but comfy at the same time.
The dress fits her great maybe a little on the small size.
My daughter just started wearing 3t which usually fits her a little big but this dress fits her like a 2t.
I bought this for my nephew and the fit was true to size.
All pieces were well made and nice.
It makes a great gift.
Our 7 year daughter loves her HoodiePet!
She has two "animal pets" and while she usually wears just one sometimes will wear both!
Last week she organized her friend who also has a HoodiePet to wear them to school together!
Once she outgrows it we will hand it down to her cousin (in great condition) and order two new colors.
And probably a pet or two...  I am going to pack it for camp this summer.
It will be perfect for cool nights!
The material is so soft and she loves the animals.
We think the HoodiePet is darling.
And I love the generous hood.
Warm and stylish!
i bought this shirt for my 21 month old...who fits in 2T in all brands but for some reason this polo runs long.
it fit everywhere except for length and my son is in the 95% for height so that shouldn't have been a problem.
but i would definitely recommend it as my son took family pictures in it and the pale yellow was very cute on him.
These pants are great, I love the compression fit.
And they are TIGHT at the waist, which is great for my mommy muffin top.
(they hit just below the navel) I do wish they came up even higher, but this is the highest I could find.
They are more of a legging than a pant.
The material is just barely thick enough to wear at the gym as a pant... use your best judgement.
A bit small for me but I guess they fit on me for now.
Next time I know to get a bigger size
Don't buy it waste of money I'm medium in size and it Barley fits the hood is to small.
No good
The outfit is fine however the size chart is not correct.
We bought this for an 8 year old and as per the chart a medium size is appropriate though it actually fits a 5 year old.
After first washing it looked frayed around the edges.
I don't expect it to last long.
Doesn't seem to be the same quality of the wraps I have bought in the past.
The only issue I have with this purse is that it frays just a little when it rubs against anything rough like a brick wall.
I get compliments on it all the time from guys and girls.
Hot pink lining is a little weird but I'll deal with that.
What a deal.
I look forward to these for a long life.
These do run large at XL - so be aware - I usually did XL and that was too big.
Bought these for my husband.
He loves them, especially the wide bottoms and pockets (more stylish than most others out there).
Nice and warm, plus very inexpensive.
Sized right, fits well, and is very comfortable.
We purchased this set for our ring bearer.
It looks so cute!!!
The ring bearer looks like a mini groom.
We bought the same vest for the groom.
The quality is great!
Fast shipping: We ordered it on Friday and we received it on Monday.
I would order it again from this seller for other special occasions.
I bought a set of clothes for her nephew!
Very satisfied with the quality of things.
Kit loved and nephew and his parents.
The guy looks at him very stylish!
Put five and recommend for purchase.
Practical, comfortable, high quality!
Dont wash it with any machine or you will kill the Jean.
Wash it by hand and let it dry.
Everything about the set is lovely.
Sweater is gorgeous.
My toddler looks quite sophisticated in the set.
Lots of wear and washing and everything looks brand new.
Great tote bag!
Love the outside mesh pouches for umbrella and waterbottle.
Easy to wipe off with a damp rag.
Not only will this keep you dry, also great windbreaker too.
The zipper works, the snaps work, the hood stays put, even while tied a little loose.
This May be the worst product I've ever purchased on Amazon, and I wish Amazon would stop selling it.
After one wash, the Velcro stopped working and after 2 washes it fell off...Ugh!!!
We needed these sweatpants for a school project and I was nervous about getting them in time...however, they arrived in plenty of time and as described.
Thank you so much!
An unuasual fit for Levis but everything the description called for.
A tapered leg fits over boots and the waist size was adjusted for a slouch fit.
The color was my reason for buying and it was everything I expected.
These aren't replacments for 501's, but fit me and my style.
this sweater arrived on time and was a perfect fit for him.
we are very happy with the quality of the material and how he looks in it.
Comfortable (a bit long, but I'm only 5'2&#34; so I expected that), made well and reasonably priced, I love them.
Very nice socks that do fit wider feet.
The price is high for the level of quality in these socks though.
If you really care about the brand name or you want a thinner sports sock in a wide width then get them but there are better ones on this site for less money.
After much research, I settled on this rain jacket for an upcoming multi-day hike.
My requirements were a completely waterproof shell with hood, that has no insulating lining, is packable, and attempts some form of breathability/ventilation.
This jacket meets all of those criteria.
It fits as expected and looks great.
It does not extend below the waist so customers who prefer longer rain jackets may be disappointed.
The hood is semi-structured with a soft &#34;bill&#34; which is a plus in keeping the water out of your face in heavy rain.
Many more expensive jackets lacked this feature.
There is also a velcro adjustment which allows you to change the depth of the hood which I also found useful.
I walked around for several hours in pouring rain last week and the jacket did great at keeping the water out of my face and remained completely waterproof.
It got pretty hot and sweaty inside the jacket but I can't expect any rain shell to make me feel cool and comfortable when I am hiking about in hot, humid (rain = 100% humidity) weather.
My only note is that the hood does not pack away into a collar or in any other place which would have been a nice feature, but again my bias is that if it is not raining hard enough to need a hood, I won't be wearing a rain shell.
Overall, nice thin, packable, rain shell that will keep you dry.
Too early to comment on durability, but the construction appears solid.
A good buy for the price.
I bought this for my daughter.
She loves it but the sizing runs small.
I would suggest ordering up a size or 2 to ensure that it's fits.
The shirt is not cut well at all.
The picture looks like it has a bit of shape to it, but it just a baggy, over-sized mess.
There are loose threads all over the garment.
The pants are a very thin knit and on the small size--now I know why.
I ordered a size Medium, which according the size chart provided by Amazon, is exactly what my daughter (age 7,size 7)would wear.
The tag inside the clothing reads "M(5/6)".
Consistency with sizing would help.
This is a huge disappointment as this outfit was to be for school pictures.
I will not be buying any more products from the manufacturer (Almost Famous) in the future.
Too small.
Too thin - not warm, which was the point.
Sits too low with a tight waistband.
Not good.
the space between the bodice trim is smallllllllllll.
an A cup wouldnt mind.
.
in my opinion it would look better as a lingerie skirt.
.
for a genie outfit or something.
the thong is tiny like size 5 maybe.
there are cuter lingerie dresses for less money.
This dress is so adorable... my niece LOVED it!
It sparkles as well!
The fit was right on....Could not be happier!
My kid has been wearing these since week 1.
We started with the swaddle ones.
We like to sleep with the house cold, and these keep him warm.
Ordered the next size up since he is growing out of his small.
Wait till they go on sale!
Ordered with Amazon Prime so it arrived when expected.
Again he love to Bass fish at o'dark thirty in very cold weather.
He's better than I am in that aspect.
He says that they are comfortable and keep him warm.
Yeah that's why I got them.
He also catches and releases incase anyone was wondering.
I like it and its really good fit my daughter.
Its good, please you can try this dress to your daughter.
I love how comfortable these are.
I Will be able to wear for most or all of my pregnancy I think.
Love these tops.
I wear them during the hot arizona summers to keep the sun off my skin.
They work great.
Very comfortable.
I also use these as a cycling tops if I don't need to use pockets.
A bit smaller than expected.
Sleeves are long and overall not a great fit or feel.
Fine for a winter undershirt but I will not re-purchase.
The towel is nice quality and does not shed too much in the drier.
Be sure to connect the velcro to itself before you throw it in the wash though.....it will ruin your other clothes otherwise.My husband is 5'11&#34; and 165lb and in good shape.
He varies between a LG and a M shirt depending on brands.
So, i ordered him the L/XL.
It is HUGE.
It is almost too big to wrap around him without falling off.
I should have gone with the S/M.
bought for myself and my girlfriend fell in love with it so stole it of me but looks better on her!
These pants are ok.
The fabric is a little too thin for me.
I also ordered a medium and probably could have done with a small.
I constantly have to pull them up.
I will have to hem them and take them in.
I got them for exercising and they are pretty good, aside from that.
Although, I don't think I will be buying this brand again.
I am very impressed with my hat.
I actually have a total of 3 now.
I have a green one and a Blue one
Bonnie Jean has really pretty dresses for reasonable prices.
This is really pretty.
Will purchase from Bonnie Jean.
Thanks Bonnie Jean
I was looking for a swim diaper that wouldn't be SO bulky that my little boy couldn't wear real trunks over top of them so it didn't LOOK like a diaper.
This was the perfect solution!
I get the best of all worlds!
Great protection and great style!
:) Definitely a great purchase.
Great bathing suit I'm not a fan of anything that comes above the knee and these are perfect.
Still shows rebel pride without  being ridiculously obnoxious about it.
Still shows black people southern boys are still around!
Seems like a very sturdy material
These pants are a little on the thin side, but as long as you don't wear super bright polka-dotted underwear underneath them, and bend over in the light it's really not a big deal...lol.They comfortable, and very reasonably priced.
This purse is even cuter than the picture!
It is well made and I'm so happy I bought it.
My daughter loves it!
These are so comfortable, they are great quality and a great price.
I am HIGHLY pleased with these and live in Yoga pants so that is saying a lot.
These fit great unfortunately, I wish they didn't fit so great... I am trying to lose weight and wear these to the gym or when I go out walking.
They are very comfy and feel great when you wear them.
I am very happy with the quality of the pant and they shipped very fast.
I plan to buy some more in different colors and hope to soon buy some in a smaller size!If you are like me and are trying to lose weight I have two tips for you 1.
Eat 5-6 small meals a day 2.
Use the weight loss supplementRaspberry Ketones, Naturally Lose Weight.
When I started to eat 5-6 times a day I saw a significant decrease in the number of calories I was eating.
When I started taking raspberry ketones I also noticed I started to eat fewer calories about 150 fewer a day.
I will be back to order that smaller size :)
Wish I had went to Kmart first!
This one is like a cheap dollar store towel which would cost only $5.
Don't waste your money!'
This outfit is sooo cute and my daughter gets so many compliments when she wears it.
Very satisfied with this shirt.
Good material, perfect sizing and very colorful.
Bought one for my daughter and her friend to wear at the Backstreet Boys concert.
The shirt is very comfortable.
It fits more snuggly than I was expecting.
I have this same shirt that I bought from the Under Armour store in gray and it's much looser.
It also is a dirt MAGNET.
Yes, i know it's white and dirt will show up more easily but it seems to get dirty way too easily.
In addition to that, it's REALLY hard to get clean.
You can't really bleach it because of the black UA logo on it.
If you do bleach it, that logo would turn brown and be gross looking.
I suppose you could touch it up with a permanent marker.
I will say that it's good at wicking away sweat and staying pretty dry in general.
A gift for my teenaged granddaughter (who LOVES sock monkeys).
I thought it was cute how the manufacture used the zipper to open and close the mouth (lol).
Love these pants for walking in the NW weather.
They are not particularly warm but they do keep the wind and rain off you.
I'm a small fry at 5 ft., so it runs a bit big for me.
The capris are like pants on me, which the photo kind of show that.
I love the color.
I will still wear out and about.
It just doesn't fit like I would like it to fit.
I couldn't imagine what a "maternity" poncho was since ponchos are intended to be loose and leave room for size.
I'm glad I took the chance and ordered it.
It is absolutely beautiful, hangs beautifully and I love the softness and color.
The handmade border is also gorgeous.
The glasses look very cool, but they are too small for my slim 7 year old twins.
They would probably fit a four to five year old well.
I used to wear Under Armour/Patagonia which wicks the water away from the body using a capillary action.
This keeps the body very dry, but doesn't actually cool the body as capillary actions do not absorb heat.
The sweat ends up evaporating on the outside of the jersey rather than against the body.
X-Bionic is different: it channels sweat to the core parts of the body and actually keeps it there.
Heat energy from the body goes to these reservoirs of sweat and causes the water to evaporate, cooling the body.
It works marvelously.
After sweating a bit the reservoirs are actually cool to the touch.These shirts do take a little getting used to.
First, they are mid-compression so they look tight.
However, the material is so soft you won't notice.
However other people will think you're wearing a shirt that's a size too small.
Second, because the reservoirs cool more than the rest of the jersey, it feels like you've got a hole in your shirt that's letting a draft in.
This feels kind of weird at first.
Third, because they don't wick and rather channel sweat, you can sometimes feel the sweat dribbling towards the reservoirs.
Fourth, these shirts must be hand washed and they take forever to dry (which makes sense, since they're only supposed to evaporate when body heat causes it to evaporate.)
I have not tried wearing this shirt under another jersey or tried wearing the shirt in cold weather, both of which are advertised as working well.
I'm also afraid the soft material will rip if I layout for a disc or if someone grabs the jersey, but neither of these has happened yet.
Purchased this for my wife to carry her weapon, but she likes the style so well that she made it her every day purse.
Albeit, I would recommend this to any of the ladies for caring their weapon.
Beside its obvious attractive design, it is a very well build concealment purse.
Gentlemen, how often do you buy something for your woman that she truly likes?
Here is your opportunity.
Under Armour is fast becoming my favourite sports apparel brand!The material and construction of this shirt is absolutely top-notch.
This particular model (UA Fade Solid Polo) also runs a bit loose, which is excellent for golf and does not hamper my swing.Highly recommended, even though they are quite pricey.
The fit and color were as described.
Shipping and handling was spot on!
It was a gift for Valentines Day and was overnight end and reasonable.
A+++
This is the second season I have bought this coat for my kids.
Is it great because it a soft shell, protects them well from the wind, keeps them pretty warm and you can put them in the car seat with it on without compromising safety.
The supplier has changed from the first time I bought it and the quality of the coat has been compromised a bit but if you never bought the first one you would never know.
My son loves the tagless design.
No itchy back for my sensory kid!
Great quality...always consistent from Hanes.
Would definitely buy again.
This is a really nice purse for the price.
I added a little bling to it with conchos and beads and it looks like a very expensive purse.
Holds a lot of "stuff" along with your weapon.
Very pleased with it.
is soo pretty i just cant beleave how cute my baby look whit it, the brand is too good, good quality material.
These are really nice but smaller than advertised.
I'm fearful also that after several washings they will become looser--they are loose enough but the length is odd.
I'm 5' 7&#34; so normal length always fits.
McFarlane Toys make the best sports figures without a doubt.
They are the most realistic, the details are so accurate and when faces are shown there look the most like the actual player.
I was lucky to find one of these Tony Esposito ones, He was one of my favorite Players and Inspired me to be a goaltender.
If you can get one I would, It seems to me there rear, I paid around 95 for this with shipping.
It's time to revisit Levi's.
After years of competing with other designers' jeans, the originals strike back with this winner.
Quality material, the right fitting, contemporary style, all at a fair price!
I have purchased this brand in local store but, they don't have the color I want.
At Amazon they don't list the size I need.
What a waste of my time.
Don't be fooled and waste your money.
I bought this for my grandmother before she passed away.
She said she needed a purse, so I went online and ordered her one.
She said the bag was large and that it was beautiful.
The bag did arrive quickly.
The person I gave this to was very pleased with the Under Armour Polo shirt.
As I said when reviewing an Under Armour T-Shirt, also bought as a gift, this  is a good product.
Amazon delivered this and the Under Armour T-Shirt in Blitz time.
Chemo stole my behind and I needed jeans that fit my new wagon.
These are great and great looking.
Work with what you have- guys.
Loved this outfit, the size is true and my granddaughter will look so cute in this outfit.
I couldn't bet the price for the two piece outfit and it has attached shorts underneath which I really like.
The quality of the outfit is very good.
I am very pleased with this purchased.
I loved this piece to just look at it, bought it in size 18 months to my baby at 12 months of age, the quality of the pants is very good and the color is lovely, but the shirt is far from satisfactory, is very poor quality.
What I find strange since NANETTE always gives clothes coming out very well.
My fiance loved this one me.
I wish it came with a matching bra, but other than that I like it too.
The dress itself was gorgeous.
Was a little smaller than expected around the waist.the shawl was great to use as more material to work with.
I love the fact it has a built in diaper.
Its very cute and easy to put on.
I had so many people stop me at the pool and ask where I got it.
My daughter has already out grown it.
But this is a great buy still.
Her next suit will be one like this.
First, the service was SO fast.
I was impressed.
The overalls are terrific - fit well - and the fabric is very nice.
I would definitely recommend these overalls.
If I had to make a negative comment, it would be the shoulder hooks are a little hard to connect, but I think time will loosen them up.
So happy - So satisfied with these overalls - plan to buy the denim ones next.
Absolutely adorable!
I love the ruffles and the bow n flower on the shoulder and hip.
This years Christmas dress.
It's definately festive.PS: for Fancy Nancy fans out there.
This is definately her style.
I have no complaints about is hoodie.
It has the faux fur in the hood, it's warm and fuzzy on the inside.
It's crazy stylish, and unique.
I love this sweatshirt!
I have an old 3.0 that isn't compression fitting and is twice as warm.
Not sure what went wrong with this version.
Not worth the extra$$$
KEPT ME WARM THIS WINTER ILL BE BUY MORE FOR MY SELF MY SONS THEY WORK OUTSIDE AT NIGHT THIS WILL HELP THEM STAY WARM
My grandson loves Finding Nemo, and I bought this as a birthday gift.
I'm sure he will be very excited when he sees it.
It is well made and can take the stress of a three-year-old.
This is the best company that I had found online that makes hats as this.The material is thick and strong.
The fit is snug.
It's warm and does its job.
After many years of wearing other brands, I have rediscovered Levi's.
I have purchased both 501s and 508s shrink to fit and preshrunk.I just love these jeans so much.
They are built very well and fit my body (which is hard to fit sometimes) much better than other brands.I usually wear my jeans quite a while before washing them so that they conform to me and my shape.
I'm a guy who has more junk in the trunk than most.
Levi's will shrink up tight if you need them to (by washing them right away), or give you a custom fit if you are a little more patient with the initial wear.508s are my current favorites providing me a nice taper (not a skinny jean - I hate that look) and a great option of colors.
I love them!
I chose these wings to wear for my Halloween Costume this year.
I tried it on and it looks great.
Big angel wings.
Although these seem to be well made T shirts, the size and fit are doubtful.
These are barely adequate in the chest, and the body seems to taper in, causing them to be pretty snug around my middle, not very flattering for someone that doesn't have the "six-pack Abs."
(flat tummy).
(I wear XL in other brands that have enough material to be loose around the middle so they fit my body style.)
If worn under another shirt, as underwear these Fruit Of The Loom T-shirts would be ok.
I usually wear medium size.
I hAve gained 20 pounds.
Even then I ordered medium size.
The trouser gets loose within 20-25 minutes after wearing it.
It's cotton made, very thin fabric, not good for any season except summer.
Tons of compliments, love the blue.
Does run a bit small, my average size 2 year old barely squeezes into a 3.
Order one up.
Wish the tutu was a skort for playtime, but easy enough to add some leggings underneath.
I love these pants.
They're the most comfortable yoga pants I have ever bought.
I will need to buy them in more colors!
I got one of these for my daughter for a review and she absolutely LOVES this.
She refused to take it off for a couple days straight and it was hard because it was in the 90's and so wasn't the weather for wearing it.
I love how soft this hoodie is and love how the zipper has a special fabric piece that covers the back and over the top.
Another thing I love about this hoodie is that it has thumb holes so that the sleeve can still partly cover the hand.
This is a must for any small child that loves hoodies and stuffed animals.
OH I have also washed this hoodie a couple times and it has stayed nice and soft.
Un conjunto muy lindo, con colores muy vivos y una calidad excepcional.
Quede enamorada por lo bello que es este
Pros:-Levi's brand!
-relaxed fit-not a nut hugerCons:NoneThis is the fit and style ill be going with from now on!
I used to wear 514 but they were such a hassle to get on.
Then i switched to these and they are great.
They are relaxed and loose but not like baggy street thug style.
Just a real casual look, with room to breath.
Goes great with everyday wear, wash regularly but not aggressively, all Levi's which is all i use, colors wear out after a 4-5 washes most of the time.
Been through 10-20 pairs now over the year so yeah experience!
Good luck!
Levi's are the best!
I bought this to wear for Tough Mudder 2012 South Carolina.
We were running through ice water in temperatures around 50 degrees.
After jumping through the ice it dried very quickly and kept me warm the entire 11 mile trip.
I also wore it during a soccer game in 50 degree temps, it made me sweat.
Its very durable and keeps you warm.
I would buy another one if I needed two.
This blazer is very cute and seems to be well put together.
It's a Christmas presents so I'm not sure if my daughter is going to like it yet.
It's in trend with the fashion and I would wear it myself.
It's soft enough to be comfortable and has some stretching room.
Lol went to post this and it showed up under my husbands name.
My favorite pair of jeans, Levi's 521 Rigid Envy were unfortunately discontinued quite some time ago.
I remember when I bought my first pair back in 2011.
They were probably the best fitting jeans I've ever bought.
Unforunately, I wore them so much that they are broken in and no longer have that dark blue hue.
Doesn't mean I still don't love those jeans, though!
They faded in a custom way with my own body, I feel like I bought raw denim for 1/3 the price!
But the denim is now lighter, and  it would look out of place at a club or lounge.So, I decided to pick up another pair!
But to my disappointment, Levi decided to discontinue the 521s.
But in it's place, they created the 508s.
When I saw Rigid Envy for 508s, I was esctatic.
Surely, they can't be too far off, right?
Well, after receiving my 508 Rigid Envy in the mail, I must say that I was quite disappointed.
First, the sizing was WAY off.
They were way to BAGGY in the thighs!
I usually wear a 33x30 (33x29 if I can find one), and I looked goofy in these pants.
It reminded me of MC Hammer, baggy in the thighs, but then it tapers off at the bottom.
It reminded me of an ice cream cone.
All I know now is that I'm returning them for a refund.But being so adamant about getting new Rigid Envys, I went to Macy's to see if they had 508s (I admit, I should've went to the store FIRST before purchasing on Amazon, dumb move on my part).
Lo and behold, they had the 508s!
I tried 3 different sizes - my usual 33x30, then 32x30, and finally 31x30.
When I tried the 33x30 AGAIN (this time in-store), they were baggy once again.
TOO BIG in the thighs!
I tried 32x30, it looked less sloppy, but still - baggy in the thighs.
Finally, I tried 31x30!
The last time I wore a 31 waist was 10 years ago while I was still going through puberty!
But for some reason, 31x30 fit like a glove!
But still, not as well as the 521s.
The 521s looked more proportional, but the 508s were close enough.
By going TWO sizes down, I had the "slim" look that I was going for, although it may look a little skinny from the side profile.
For the 521s, it looked slim from the side profile, but the 508s look slightly (just a tad!)
more skinny due to the pants having to shrink down proportionally.
But all in all, I haven't purchased any new Rigid Envys yet, because I want to wait until I get my refund from Amazon.
But for those who loved the SLIM TAPER 521s, I would suggest going TWO sizes down for the 508s!
If you wanted what the product advertised, Regular Taper, I suggest you go ONE size down!
If you buy your regular waist size, well...prepare to return the product!!
Because if you buy your regular waist size, you'll be purchasing "Baggy Taper" jeans, which I'd assume, no one would want!Levi's!
Please bring back the SLIM TAPER 521s!
I bought this for my bf and it fit like a glove, everybody loved it and it looks amazing.
It definetly looks pricey and looks great with a button up shirt and jeans.
What I like about these, in addition to the great pattern and vibrant colors, is that the you can get them extra big and they don't look too huge while your kid is growing into them.
The cuffs look cute rolled up and the straps can be pulled up.
Quality item with options.
Nice thick material, Velcro closure.
One of the best wraps that I've owned quality wise.
Would definitely buy again, and have.
My nephew wears a 3T but not even a 4T would fit him.
The shorts are made very odd.
My nephew has a lil belly & bigger thighs but we've never had issues finding shorts to fit him until now.
I love these pants.
They fit just right, the material is soft and they are just the right length for a tall girl.
Thebfold over is not bulky and the color has held up well over the last several months washing and drying on delicate.
Overall I am very pleased with this purchase.
Exactly what I was looking for.
Perfect fit
These shorts are true to size are very good quality and look really cute under a skirt or dress can also be worn as shorts.
My mom absolutely loves this jacket!!
We live in a cold climate and try to keep the house cooler so this is good for both indoor and outdoor activity.
The first one she received was quite a few years ago and has been worn quite a bit, but looks almost new yet.
One great thing about this is that it looks more like a sweater (a little dressier than a sweatshirt) on the outside, but is soft and comfortable on the inside.
While there are many cheaper options, this is well worth the added price.
I bought these socks as a gift for someone who has foot pain and wanted a warm sock for winter.
These socks are wonderful!
Not only do they provide the perfect amount of cushion and support, they are super warm and the cotton material allows the feet to breathe.
we love sara's prints.
the patterns are timeless and even appeal to the older kids.
ruffles aren't too big so tomboys can still wear them!
Great fit, and it is a great fit, no too snug, and the design is still manly enough to wear on the job site, i highly recommend
This was a great way to keep our 4 year old warm while he was buzzing around with his bumble bee soccer mates!!!
If you're child is like mine and only wants to wear dresses or skirts, it can be challenging to find things apart from the frilly tutus, summer dresses and fancy wear that kids naturally gravitate towards.
This is my second experience with the Tea Collection items and it has helped me find something that my daughter and I can agree is appropriate clothing for any time.
These dresses and leggings are so soft and can be worn for regular daily playwear as well as for special occasions (or even pajamas) without sacrificing comfort and my daughter chooses them out of the closet on her own.
They have held up to the washing and in the San Francisco weather, the long sleeves are perfect.
Would recommend this set for fall/winter anywhere as the colors are deep and rich and provide a good mix and match combination which is great for saving time (at least half the week I don't have to worry about the fight over what she will wear today).
They are a little snug, my daughter is a tall and skinny 3 year old and wears the size 4 perfectly.
The material is very cheap and they shrink by about 3&#34; the first time you wash them.
They're quite disappointing.
Arrived on time but low quality and holes not drilled for buttons.
Too large on lower part.
Fuel smelling.
forget about it.
I bought these for my son and after 1 hour of wearing them, the crotch ripped.
Very disappointing cause he really liked them.
Even at the $11.00 price point, these pants were not worth the money spent.
They are poorly made make from a cheap fabric.
What more can be said?
Really.
It goes with the had, which is why we got it, and it is well made and my daughter loves the look and feel that goes with her hat.
I searched amazon for "women's denim vest" and the following vest was displayed.
I didn't realize it is for a man.
I ordered a medium, but it's way too large for me.
It is of good quality.
I ended up giving it to my husband and he likes it very much.
I bought this hoodie with the expectation that the inside hood would fall like it does on the photo.
The way it's angled gives you the impression that the inside collar thing would fall a bit lower.
That is not the case with this product.
I am slender built just like the model in the photograph but it won't look like that at all especially if you're standing straight up like a normal human being.
You can't even see the hexagonal pattern unless you pull the hood forward and even then, it'll look funny or stupid rather.
I'm simply saying that you won't be able to achieve the look that the model is portraying even if you purchase this item.
Do not buy !
The body wrap is exactly what i've wanted and been missing.
The quality and price are outstanding.
i cannot think of another product i've like this much since yeck was a pup.
I am 5'9&#34; and size Medium fit great!
good for yoga and lounging around the house!
Flattering on the booty!
Ordered this as a gift.
For some reason I was sent something completely different.
When I called they sent this out and I had it the next day.
Very good service and I loved the purse!
I love this jacket don't get me wrong.But when I recieved it in the mail the bottom of the jacket wasn't sewn all the wayI had to actually sew it back myself!
Great shirts we used to let the kids paint.
They had a blast.
They fit will.
I'm very happy with them.
We ordered the &#34;small&#34;, but I'm 5'4 and they are a little loose and way too long.
Not sure if they shrink or not?
I thought this was the cutest outfit so I purchased it for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas.
She wanted to wear it to my Aunt's house on Christmas day.
After having it on for about 2 hours, and an hour of that was in the car, one of the bows on the front just fell off, then when we got home, the other bow fell off.
But I figured no big deal I would just sew it back on later.
then after looking at the outfit it is just as cute without the bows on, so I decided not to sew them back on and just leave it without.So all in all, super cute outfit, with or without the bows!
good two pieces of superman the size is correct , the tshirt is like the picture , i like is good.
I bought these for my husband.
He hates shopping for clothes so I buy them for him online.
He had another pair of Levi 508's so I knew he'd like them.
Can't beat the price on Amazon!
the product came out as I expected.
I wish the material can be better.
The color is ok.
Quite satisfied with it
This suit was not sized right it fell off my Son and he still can't wear them.
The jeans in paticular were way too big!
Loved the quality, fit, and style.
Have not tried them yet, due to colder weather than expected.
Looking forward to trying them in action.
I first want to say that this hoodie actually holds in heat VERY well.
As far as functional use, it does the job better than I expected.As for the make of it, the fabric was a fine choice.
However, there were some small issues.
Stray threads were frequent and I had to be sure about removing them to not pull them to undo all the stitching.
A couple of button holes did seem a bit too small for the buttons, but stretched out after I had them in.
It held pretty well.I had my doubts getting it, though.
I'm 6'3" and have a bit of pudge to me.
The fit is snug, as it's a small, but it does cover all of my pudge and the sleeves end just a little after my wrists, but not too much that would make it feel like I was wearing a 3/4 sleeve shirt.
The hood fit well over my head without raising the rest of the garment.
The best part was buttoning the collar up with the hood over my head.
I really felt warm in it.So overall, I'm giving this a 4/5 for being a great product, but the craftsmanship did seem a bit rushed.
It might not be the case for everyone, just a personal experience.
I am most likely going to purchase from this designer again.
These capris are lovely and fit great and are so comfortable and flattering.
.
I have several colours and love them all.
.
What a lovely bonus in that they are available through Amazon.com which is such an easy and convenient way to shop.
I LOVE IT.
.
I decal each shirt .
.
and the label does not look like underwear after each decal press . . .
The shirt is the same quality you would expect from licensed shirts.
Lightweight, washed and dried well.
The shorts are a thin woven material.
Definitely not the best quality.
My son has a small waist and the elastic on these shorts are not tight enough for him.
He needs a 3t in the waist, but the length of the 4t.
The shirt fit exactly as it should for a 4t.
He was so excited to wear this!
Im 5'1 average range between 4-8 depending on &#34;time of the month&#34; and if its holidays, mt inseam is 26-28 depending on pants if I wear flats or heels.
Right now im at about a 6.
The material is nice and thin, but pants are really really long.
I wished it had said long I wouldnt had bought them and also a bit big, meaning they stretch even moreso after wearing.
Put into the drier and back to normal size but they do run slightly bigger.
even a large is fitted tiny.
They look like children's clothes.
Wanted to try these as an alternative to maternity pants, and they would have been great if they weren't made for unrealisticly sized people.
This is what I expected, I love it and I know my daughter will love it when she pull it out of her stocking.
She can use it to take candy money to school.
This is perfect for anyone with sock monkey obsession.
bag is a little cheap but was as represented and the price reflects the quality.
very good delivery time.
good item for the price
It is very sexy.
My husband loved it!
The price is great, I would recommend all women get one.
Thanks.
I was looking for another pair of the 521 style, and found out they had been replaced by the 508.
I'm happy to say that I can't tell the difference between the fit and quality.
These Levi's are higher quality than cheaper jeans and a good value at this price point.
Bought this pair in October to replace my 514s.
Never been happier with another purchase in my life.
It was a complete shot in the dark, but 33x34 fits me perfectly.The jeans feel so comfortable and stretch to fit slightly in the thigh (I'm surprised there's no elastic in them.)
The bottom leg stacks perfectly.
Unfortunately, I got my pair in black, and they faded slightly in the wash, but I'm over my all black phase so I got another pair in blue.
This is the new standard by which I evaluate my pant fits.
This is my 2nd pair of 508's and the fit is incredible.
There's a little stretch which makes these super comfortable.
They're also tapered and look great with sneakers or boots.
This &#34;skylight&#34; turtleneck was actually a light teal.
It was also much boxier than pictured, making me look kinda frumpy (I'm 5'5&#34; and 125lbs).
I loved the soft, warm merino wool, but for the price I wanted something that really looked great on me -- i.e. a good color for me and a more fitted look.
My child is skinny yet this dress was way to small.
She only got to wear it once.
Waste of money.Very cute dress.
I suggest you getting two sizes to big.
Perfect for the holiday!
The fabric is very nice - good weight.
The applique is 3-D and so cute.
It fits true to size.
Purchased for a Christmas gift for my 10 year old granddaughter who wants "funky" clothes.
Cannot rate as to size or how she likes it.
Giving 4 stars because only rating the item compared to description.
Is very cute and something that appears to be an item that she will like.
Hopefully!
Nice product, but for a female my size (5'3" and a 27" waist) it is a bit on the longer/wider side, but it still looks cute with sweats or jeans.
However, the size doesn't matter when I am dancing as I prefer baggier clothing and the pile hoodie is an added bonus.
It is quite cheap and made in China, so you get what you pay for, but overall I am pleased with this product.
Be warned that it will take a few weeks, depending on where you live, for it to arrive (here in WI, it took about 2 weeks).
Overall, it is a great product.
It's very well made and hangs beautifully.
The fabric is high quality and the color is rich.
It is nice enough to look casual but professional.
This hat is thick, warm, fits snugly, and so far after a month of daily use, has maintained its shape.
As a person of weight, it's a pain to find well fitting jeans.
The skinny folk get so many great options, but I suppose that's their reward for not eating chips and ice cream all day every day.Anyway, I'm fat and the 508s fit me well.
They will probably also fit thin people well, I don't know, I don't really associate with them.
The taper is nice because it prevents the bottom leg opening from being the circumference of the moon (like straight cut fat man jeans).
They are, how the kids say, pretty dern stylish.
I typically wear them with boots and a slight cuff when I'm feeling extra fashionable.The color is nice and allows the jeans to be worn with a variety of colors of shirts and sweaters.My issue with the jeans is that they are oddly inconsistent.
I have them in two colors: Rigid Envy and Big Sir.
I laughed when buying &#34;Big Sir&#34; in a large size.
Very self-aware.
Anyway, Big Sir is more bluer (technical term), which is harder to see in the pictures.
Both very nice.
However, I notice that the Rigid Envy are fairly thin (again, interesting name... like they are envious of the more rigid jeans.
Very Kafkaesque), have a couple worn spots in them, and were stitched poorly down the right leg (the seam awkwardly twists from the side to the front).
They aren't bad enough to be all that noticeable to other people, and I still happily wear them regularly, but the inconsistency is just a bit disappointing.I will probably continue to buy this style of jeans, but may try to find them in a real life store to prevent any issues.
Nice fit, great to lounge around the house or run errands in.
Size large fits nice on my body type of larger hips and thighs.
This towel is very thick and well made.
The black is not a dark black and seems like it might fade over time??
It is soft terry on the outside and the tufted loops on the inside.Size is hard to see from the pictures.
The wrap is quite long: It hangs to just above my 6'5" husband's knees.
He likes it because it's hard to find good "coverage" but a shorter man might find it too much like a long skirt.As far as girth, it is also ample.
It fits my guy's 40" waist with about 4 inches to spare.
Very thin man would have to wrap it around 1.5 times.
Hanes was always my go to and I started buying them for my son as well.
The quality has really taken a nose dive in recent years.
I guess they have to pay MJ for the ads.
True and good fit but they'll wear out in a few months.
I was leery of buying yoga pants online after reading mixed reviews of many others that people were receiving them and they were too long.
The description for these says that the inseam is 31inches for a small and that was perfect for my 5'3&#34; self.
They came just as I expected.
I was also worried that they would be thin see through material like so many others were saying but I'm here to tell you they are not!
Those people may just be wearing the wrong size and they are stretched to the max then because the black pair that I received is actually decently thick, especially for being so cheap!The only reason I am not giving these 5 stars is because they are a bit more of a high rise waist than I expected or like for yoga pants.
Also, they are not flare leg like described, definitely more of a straight leg fit.
None the less, for the price, they are great!
.
I wear a medium  and always do.
But this came wider and longer than my black one which  I bought from Dick's Sporting Goods a couple of months earlier.
Still fit but not as well as the black.
These pants work awesomely for my active lifestyle.
I own these pants in the green, khaki and black in a size 0/regular inseam.
I have a hard time finding pants that fit my small frame but pranas always look awesome on me, almost like they were designed for my specific body type.
I wear these pants to work (I work at a courthouse) paired with heels or boots and they look professional.
After work, I climb outdoors (or indoors) in them and they are stretchy and abrasion proof.
I've also gone hiking in them and have abused them in the close to a year that I've owned them and they still look awesome.
I love these pants!
My favorite experience with my Halle pant, (in green) was the time when I unexpectedly had my period at work and had to wash them because of the very obvious stain.
It did not stain and was easily cleaned, dried in 15 minutes as if nothing happened!
Great and reliable pair, awesome look, very versatile.
I love these pants so much I am thinking of getting 2 more pairs- a backup for my favorite green color and the grey-which is the only color I do not have.
It is a little expensive but I assure you, it is worth every penny.
Use it or abuse it and it will hold up to whatever you throw at it.
I can't stop raving about how amazing these are.
Buy it!
Guaranteed you will be pleased.
I was surprised at the quality of this hat.
Very fine gauge knit cap and very attractive too.
Might get a second one.
As the other reviewer says, these jeans are vanity sized, which is unfortunate.
My 30" pair measured 33" at the waist.
Most jeans are vanity sized, however, and it might be that it's more apparent on these jeans because they don't sit as low on the waist as others do.
With an 11" front rise, you don't look like you're trying to be Russell Brand.
They are slim and tapered, but not rock-n-roll tight.
As far as I'm concerned they are an ideal cut.
The zipper feels like it's of particular quality, too.
My only complaint is that the fabric doesn't feel very durable, at least in the dark blue color.
It's appropriate the wash is called rigid "envy": they don't quite have it.
That said, fantastic cut and I hope Levis keep the 521 alive.
The outfit is adorable; unfortunately the quality is not very good.
After one washing the lace on the bottom of the sweater separated, the material is thin and the outfit runs on the small side.
My 18 month old LOVES her HoodiePet.
It has been a perfect spring coat and is so cozy to wear around the house or on the go.
The quality is great and there are lots of "friends" to choose from to change the look.
Love it!
As soon as this came in, my two year old was begging to wear it!
It is absolutely precious!
I would definately recommend!Edit: This outfit held up great all season.
We will definitely be able to pass this one down to our youngest.
We still love it!
This is my favorite shirt.
I'm a big guy so it's hard to find a good looking shirt that's comfortable at the same time, but this shirt fits the bill.
I own 5 of these shirts, different colors.
This is a really girly and sweet lingerie.
Look much younger, cuter and sweeter.
Good buy if you are looking for something affordable yet sweet and comfortable.
Item meet expectations.
Excellent for LE officers who need to be out in the elements for unknown periods of time.
I have nothing but good things to say about this pullover.
My brother loved it and I'm kinda jealous that I didn't also get one for myself.
This is a very pretty outfit.
My daughter loves it.
My only complaint is that is hand-wash only.
I just got mine and they are so so SOFT!!
I can't say whether they run long or not since i'm 5'0 and hemming is always a requirement.I will say they run LARGE.
I ordered a small and was worried they'd be too tight but they were actually a little too big.
I assume a wash/dry will shrink em down a bit.
I heard they pill quick so I'm going to stock up and turn them inside out when I wash them.I'm normally a size 3/4.
I think the small is good for a size 5 or 6.
Love Polartech.
This 20 weight is great as either an under the shirt add on or by itself around the house.
Very well made.
In previous Levi's I've always worn 32x34 and they've fit fantastically (especially the now discontinued 521'-- slim tapered).
In this 508 style (which is "Regular Tapered" and not the "Slim Tapered" it sometimes seems to be labeled on Amazon.
Sometimes not.
What's up with the inconsistent info Amazon?)
the 32W is between 1-2 inches too big and the whole pelvic area just has way too much fabric going on.
Makes a guy look dumpy.
I mean if I had a front butt this would be useful.
Or if I had the glutes of a linebacker it might.
But the thing is, if I had the glutes of a linebacker, I'd also have the quads and calves too.
But the legs of these pants are way too slim for that.
The proportions of this pant are just off.
Conclusion: a sub-par Levi's style.
These T-Shirts are very good and durable.
I have no complaints at all about them.
One good thing is no tag to have to remove.
The item name and size is stamped into the fabric.
I would buy again with no problem.
Worst purchase EVER!
Wish there was a -10 stars!
Don't be fooled by the picture or the price!
The breast part is like for a DD and it was the cheapest quality material possibly made!
You couldn't pay me to get this again and I pretty much want to just throw it away it's that horrid!
The under breast seam was like to my belly button...I just can't stress how much you should NOT buy this item!!
AND it didn't come with the hair thingy.
Shipped quicker than it said, but that really didn't matter if it didn't even fit me!
I'm like the size of the model in the picture so I figured it might actually fit right...yaaa...no!
They are affordable, but you get what you pay for in this case - my husband wore them only a few times for snowblowing in the winter, and already they are ripped at the seams.
They are not super durable, but if you are only wearing them to go out and play in the snow every now and then, I suppose they would serve their purpose.
Seriously, I think I've bought about 10 pairs now.
They run really, really big.
(Or stretch out once you put them on) So order a size or two smaller than you think you need.
Much larger than I think
I wanted some workout pants for the gym and I probably wont use them for the gym.
womp.
these pants will most likely give you a camel toe in the front so they are best used for lounge wear around the house and not working out.
Comfy, Material is very thin.
True to size.
Will be wearing in house only as material so thin gives me a camel toe.
I am not a large person.
However, if you are on the larger size the waist is very comfortable.
The length is appropiate not to short.
The jeans fit my boyfriend great he loved them.
I would recommend to buy this jeans to a anyone who's looking for a slim fit.
good quality.
My husband has short legs so it was a bit long but all in all, very satisfied!
Washes very well.
The review came faster than I am able to give it to the two year old birthday girl, but it looks just like it should and like it will hold up to said two year old's rough play.
It's super cute.
She'll love it.
These yoga pants are thin and after the first wash, they came unravelled and got a hole.
I had to sew them.Not recommend - cheap!
We gave this purse to our three year old toddler as a birthday present and it was immediately filled with wooden blocks and carried around the house until bath time.This purse is awesome!
I bought the 508s on a recommendation that they fit people with more athletic legs.
I found that the thighs were good but they were skin tight on my calves.
The waist, however, was much larger than what I ordered.
I ordered a 32 but the pants would have easily fit a 34, despite being marked as a 32.
My wife found this while shopping online.
At first I was skeptical but after I used it once I loved it.
I've wanted to give it to several friends and have asked at retail golf stores but nobody seems to have it.
What's that about?
The purchase is of good size to fit your needs and the concealment section can be used for left or right draw.
It includes locks for each side.
Although I do not feel it is necessary unless you have young ones that like to explore.
The only thing I find I do not care for on this purse is the strap.
It appears to be strong enough, but not long enough.
There are times that I like to place the strap around my neck and shoulder for added security.
This strap is far too short, therefore I am disappointed with it.
Just my personal preference.
I'm 6 months pregnant and 5' 9&#34;.
These are the best yoga pants I own!
They are super soft and long enough.
The waist band is perfect for my expanding belly.
Love them!
Just ordered 2 more pairs!
Although shipping was very fast, when I received the pants they did not fit as expected.
I have long, thin legs and these pants fit very poorly.
They weren't long enough and they were very loose.
In the process of returning them right now.Perhaps someone with shorter yet larger legs would be the perfect fit.
I am a huge hello kitty lover,when I saw this purse I had to get it,my friend Kelly also bought one.
When we received them we were so disappointed!!!
It is so small you can fit a wallet and like a lipstick.
It was a waist of money,it doesn't matter how much money you make,its a total rip off!!!!!
Not worth $22 dollars and change!!
We are not happy.
Had it for a week and the silver chain is already turning.
DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!
These are on the shorter side, mid-calf, so don't order if you want knee length socks.
My husband was pleased with them.
It was cute and nice.
Was it the best quality out there.
Of course not.
But it was less than 3 dollars.
And its holding up great.
I bought these for my daughter because she is reaching that age.
I thought a sports bra would benefit her better I knew she would be uncomfortable being her first time so I wanted something that was going to ease her into the idea and these are great she loves them.
the material is comfy the straps sturdy and you get 5 for a great price.
I bought this for my daughter to wear to a wedding, I already had a little sweater to cover the thin straps, cause I felt it was appropriate.
But the dress was great, she danced and ran and twirled all night long and the dress held up and stayed down, and she looked adorable in it.
Good buy.
This sturdy, simple rain/wind pant for kids packs easily gets the job done on wet hikes.
It worked well for a week of fun in the Colorado mountains.
Little Lass has always been a standard in our household.
Even when she outgrows the specific size, the whole outfit stretches and is still comfortable.
It is hard to find clothes that will last more than a few months, but this outfit has lasted almost six months, still looks great after constant wear and fits perfect!!
I really like this robe for my son's swim meets.
The only con about having it is that you should probably wash & dry it by itself because little tiny blue lint balls get on other pieces of clothing in the washer & dryer.
Other than that, it's a good-looking, warm robe for kids.
Like the jeans, they look good with  any high top shoe .
they fit good and don't look look like skinny jeans .
Very cute shirt...very feminine and a nice change from all the 'regular' White Sox garb they have out there!
Alyssa needs to come up with some new designs!
This item is clever and cute.
I hate to use it but it makes a great conversational item when used while purchasing items.
This pants are gorgeous!
Fits amazing in my body, the color is perfect, and the price is great!
Totally recommend it.
I work outside in the Arctic, this stuff works great, it is warm and very light.Well worth the money.
After losing about 80lbs over the past year and a half or so I've been looking for jeans that fit my body well I should note that if I was a girl I wouldn't have what is commonly referred to as "dat gap" you know what i'm talking about...yeah you do, you're probably google image searching it now....Anyways I first started with Levi's 550s.
They were just too baggy, so I went to 505s which fit well in the waist but was just a bit baggy at the thighs, then I went to 514s which were good around the waist and thighs, but just baggy below the knee.
These were all 36x32.
I tried 34x32 514s and they were just too tight, so I tried the 508s and wow.
Good around the waist, thighs feel good, and below the knee fit wells with a nice leg opening.Basically if your thighs are too big for 511s and you want the jeans to fit well below the knees, these are your jeans.
I'm 5'3&#34; and its a little long, if I wear shoes it still drags the floor.
They're also real thin so watch out if you're doing yoga or bending over, but they are super comfy and stretchy.
Levis 508's are frequently suggested for guys who have larger thighs, but want that slimmed look going to the ankle.
These jeans are roomy up top and taper nicely.
I find the fit on these and they are very comfortable.
Mine were indeed 100% cotton.
This shorts were exactly what my husband needed for work.
Made by red kap company which also is the uniform company where my husband is employeed.
They were way cheaper here that purchasing from the uniform company.
Great Buy Great shipping.
Really good experience
Fast ship & glad I ordered one size smaller as recommended in the reviews.
Nice, soft fabric!
Great color choice.
It's nice to find a basic bra for petites who are less than A cups.
Works well under t shirts without unsightly bulges.
The size is somewhat larger than I anticipated but that is not a negative.
This the 3rd towel wrap I have owned and this is the best one yet.
The quality and craftsmanship truly surprised me.
The price had me skeptical of buying initially.
However it was money well spent.
Thick Velcro along the waistline.
Well sized hem along the bottom and excellent material.
Highly recommend this product.
HoodiePet Childrens Kids fleece hoodie sweatshirt with fun interchangeable plush stuffed animal Tiger toy puppetI was delighted with my HoodiePet, it is a fantastic product tit is the cutest, softest, most adorable kids hoodies I've seen.
They are 100% polyester so the fabric is incredibly fluffy and soft and oh so touchable and yes, they are washing machine friendly!
My favorite part is the sweet little "animal friends" plushie animal heads that attach by velcro to the front of the shirt, and are inter-changeable.
My only contention is that I wish they had some of the hoodies in green, and in adult sizes!
I would love to get one of these adorable hoodies for myself, not just the kids.This hoodie is more then just a top it is a snugly fleece hoodie and toy that can be interchanged with any other animal head available ~adopted separately~ lol.
PLUS, the heads double as puppets!
No more lost toys, no more boring car rides.
The kids can adopt the plushies straight off HoodiePet Island lmao and you can print out your very own HoodiePet adoption certificate there!
I know I am going to get carried away with these things I LOVE THEM!
The material is very flimsy and clingy.
.
not sure I will wear outside of my home.
I have been ordering online for my clothes for a very long time, but will not order from this catalog again.
They pants are just as described and exactly what I expected based on reading previous reviews.
Perfect fit for me: I have long legs and so need the long length that was discussed.
The fabric is soft and comfortable, not at all binding at the waist.
I do wear these around the house; the fabric is thin, but just thick enough that I could wear them out too.
I would really love to have another pair just like these with heavier fabric, but this is not a complaint.
I'm very happy w/ these.
I took a chance on ordering this dress online for my daughter and the sizing was perfect.
This is a nice, light weight fabric with vibrant colors.
She loved it and it looked fabulous on.
Only 1 draw back, it was a too little short for my taste (about 4&#34; above the knee) but she is tall for her age so I'm sure that had a lot to do with the length.
These socks are really confy and have a great warmth about them.
I would totally buy them again.
They do fade a little, but so does every sock.
The only reason I am commenting is to give people an idea about how these suits fit.
These are made in Italy and seem to run to size although they say to buy a size up, they did contact me when I inquired about the sizing.
I am 5'-6&#34; tall with a 38/40 chest and weigh 140lbs.
The suit I bought was a (medium) they recommended this size and it fit like it was meant to.
These are form fitting and tight, so if you have any kind of pot belly you might want to take this into consideration.This is a really well made product.
The pad is very big, a little more than I care for, feels like a diaper,but I typically like a smaller pad.
I will be ordering a fully insulated suit from them, you will pay for this product but it is pretty well made.
Now, i have not washed these yet, so i can't attest to how well they hold up to that.
These are great.
The fabric is so soft and comfy.
Other reviewers are right in saying that these are unlike most yoga pants, but i feel it's a good thing.
They don't cling to your body as much as the really stretchy &#34;lycra-y&#34; ones do.
They are also a good length for me, i find most pants (especially lounge/pajama) to be too short for me.
I am 5'6, size 0-3 (115-120lbs).
Bought the small.
They were a bit snug at first, but within a little while of wear they fit perfect.
:)
Great fit and quality.
Goes well with a pair of chukkas or sneakers.For those that don't know, taper fit is bigger in the thighs then slims more and more as it goes to the ankle.
I've been wearing these for a few months now and there's no noticeable wear and tear yet.
I wear them to the gym or to lounge around the house.
They fit perfectly, I love the fold-over waistband, and they are super-duper comfortable.
Def plan to purchase more in the future!
We purchased this as a layering for cold climates.
After dozen of washes the print, seams and general construcion has held up well.
Those appreciating good quality clothes at great cost, this is a great find.
It's soft, however the zipper is a bit tricky and itchy at the top.
The fabric is soft, size is correct.
My granddaughter was so excited to get this and the outfit is so cute and good quality.Dollie & Me Girls 2-6x Chambray Skirt Set,Pink/Denim
Bought this model for the first time.
Before buying 501 and 514 model.Size is perfect.
Along the length of a bit long, but you can just tuckRecommend everyone to buy.
I was looking for a small shoulder bag that I could stick in my backpack and pull out when I need to walk around the city.
This works great!
While I like these jeans in every way according to fit, the &#34;Tarragon&#34; color is not the very dark green pictured, but more of a light hunter green--somewhere in between hunter and kelly green, without being bright.
They are great casual jeans.
They sit at the waist, and are comfortable.
I usually wear baggy jeans, but decided to try something different.
Went to the Levi store to try them on, but ordered online because of the price difference.
I really like the fit & how they look.
Got this as a gift for my boyfriend, and it fits him perfectly!
It's very warm, and the hood lining is some sort of faux fur.
It actually has a hood rather than just a collar which I wasn't expecting, so that was a nice surprise.
I am a normal sized size and these are definitely for long models.
These are not made for average height individuals.
I will have to spend more to get them hemmed and your company more to resend than is worth it!
A la segunda lavada el color de la franela se habia da&ntilde;ado.
El short no se aprecia de buena calidad.
.
This base layer is bar far the warmest item of clothing I have ever owned.
As a coach, I am out in the elements a lot and this was without a doubt the best purchase I have ever made.
Typically, I have to take it off when I come back indoors, because I start sweating with it on.
If you are outside for long periods of time in the cold, this is a MUST.
My boyfriend had these exact jeans (in mens) and I was jealous.
He offered to rip apart my jeans and sew them with flannel, but he tends to sew waywardly, so I declined.
Then I saw that they made them for women!
Yay.
These fit boxier than other Prana jeans.
If you're looking for jeans, definitely try Prana's.
They tend to fit every shape and have just the right amount of stretch.
I could never fit skinny jeans before I tried Prana's.
And size down.
I'm usually a 6 and in Prana I'm a 4.
This jacket is incredibly warm and soft; it fits very comfortably.
I had previous concerns with purchasing this item due to the sizing chart that was presented and the current reviews.
Luckily, everything was fine in regards to the size, which was a Medium (US 38) or XXL based on the clothing company that produces/distributes it.
I am a male, I am 5 '8.75 (68 in), and I weigh `148 lbs; the jacket fits great.
My only problem w/ the jacket is that the hood has a pretty noticeable point and is relatively small to fit around my head; I will most likely remove the hood and attach a better fitting one.
This sweat suit is so soft thick and warm.
.
My son loves this suit and is so comfortable in it.
Its one of his favorite.
If you have a lil boy who loves batman lego or just loves batman definitly buy this.
Theres not alot of batman outfits out there so its worth it.
This was $21 when I purchased it.
Although the tag says XXL, it's actually a "small" in the North American clothing scale.
I'm 5'8 and 160 lbs and this fits me pretty well.
The hood is a little tight and the front collar is also rather tight.
The material is a very nice polyester and very warm.
My only complaint is that when the collar isn't buttoned, the flap looks very awkward with the interior fur lining and because the zipper is angled at the left shoulder.
As you would expect from Carter, this outfit is well made.
It fits as described and is warm but breathable.
Definitely worth the money.
nice soft material, holds color well after washing, one of my favorite pair of &#34;jeans&#34; .
nice enough for work!
It's a very cute little outfit and my daughter loves it.
The pants are a tad shorter than I would like but maybe it's because my daughter is really tall for her age.
The material is great tho and not itchy.
I love to wear these around the house or when I'm napping.
they're very comfortable.
I will probably buy a few more pairs wish I would've bought more during the original purchase!
My grandson looks so adorable in it.
I wish I would have purchased a hat with it, but he still looked so handsome it.
Received in a timely manner, excellent quality, but the top was a size three that I ordered, but the bottom was only a size two.
Returned product for replacement with no problems.
great jacket, good price and nice looking, I am very happy, I have used in all my trips and the picture just looks lovely.
When I bought these jeans I was excited with the color but unfortunately for me I wore my white high tops with them.
Upon taking the sneakers off I noticed that the color of the jeans rubbed off on my white laces as well as the white leather of the sneaker... Avoid these jeans unless you like blue staining on your sneakers and laces
This outfit is going to be a gift this holiday for our grandchild and looks very cute!
Should fit as well!
I bought these because my little girl only wears organic clothing, and it's a great company.
This lounge wear outfit is super cute and a huge hit.
I can rest easy because of the high quality organic materials.
We loved this outfit so much that we bought two so that if one is in the wash, she has another to wear.
My 30 year old husband wears these almost every day to work in the summer.
He likes them better than his dickies.
These have a more contemporary look that doesn't look dated.
it keeps me warm so far this winter, it is just a little to small cant go with the men size cause its a little big
This is a high quality sleep sack.
I love how it safely keeps my small son warm at night.
He wears it almost every night, and it has held up very well.
It is roomy enough for him to move comfortably, but is not so big that I worry about him getting caught up and tangled in it.
Halo makes wonderful sleep sacks and I would recommend them to anyone.
I bought matching towels for my son and his wife as Christmas gifts.
They love them.
He likes his because it fits well and he likes the pocket.
These are soft and comfortable.
I find myself wearing them quite often.
Great for working out or just out and about.
Great buy.
A new year's gift for my mom.
Colour of the top is very pretty.
Will definitely buy again in another colour/style.
THESE SHORTS ARE MADE OF TOUGH MATERIAL BUT ARE NOT TOO STIFF LIKE OTHER WORK SHORTS.I LIKE THE BUTTON CLOSURE BUT IT'S KIND OF ON THE SMALL SIZE.OVERALL IT'S A GOOD FIT AND THE LENGHT IS PERFECT AND NOT TOO LONG LIKE THOSE OTHER GANSTA LONG SHORTS.
Most of the items they sell are terrible but this is actually decent.
It looks kind of like the picture in that you have the cool side buttons and collar but it's really not as form fitting as the picture, it's much wider and short in the waist.
The quality is pretty good, a few stray stings now and then but no holes and I can wash it without it falling apart.
nothing compares to when you can touch the product in person and determine the quality of fabric.
if i had known it was that flimsy i would never have purchased it
Only 1 thing to say.
.
It works!Very happy with this purchase.
.
Thank you very much.
will definitely order again.
My son is built different in that he is skinny but has a badonkadonk.
He loves this style of Levi's and they are all he will buy.
I have always struggled to buy jeans, because I have thicker thighs and waist but smaller by my calf.
I bought a pair of these at a different retailer at first, and I 've been in love ever since.
Bought a couple here through Amazon, but its been hit or miss.
THe black ones have a bit of spandex that make them fit much more comfortably, while some of the colors have polyester/cotton blends or 100% cotton blends, and the sizing varies greatly.
I wish they had more consistent sizing with these jeans, but they are still my favorite.
Just need more colors than black!
It was exactly what i was looking for.
The backpack came on time great for my two year old.
fantastic
They are cute and much loved.
Sizing is correct for my kids.
Weight is just right for year round wearability.
There is no way these are sized correctly.
The size 2 fits more like a 6.
The color was exactly what I was looking for but too bad the sizing is so in inaccurate
Most Tea collection items tend to run on the slim cut and a little small and the dresses and other leggings were just amazing!
The bootcut leggings are sized a whole size too big however.
I will definitely order another set, just with all skinny leggings next time.
The quality and the fabric are beautiful and the dresses are so unique looking and comfortable too.
Plus, I've never seen this on anyone else!
So pretty!
I ordered size 34x34 because that is the size that I usually wear.
The jeans arrived.
I loved the dark color and the cut.
They are slim fitting without being "skinny" jeans.
But the waist definitely runs a couple of inches big.
I ended up with 32x34 after trying 33x34 as well.
I ordered these for two nephews, ages 5 and 6 for Christmas.
When they arrived, the small that seemed the right size will be a good fit for my 2 year old niece, and I'm reordering in a bigger size for the boys.
The blue is a really pretty color, I think it'll make a nice change from the pink she's often dressed in, and it will look equally nice on the boys, once they can fit into it.
The picture makes it look like maybe the color changes from lighter on top to darker on bottom, but this is not the case - it's a solid not-quite-navy blue all over.
it is just as described.
my daughter loves it.
her friends love it.
what more do you need?
that's what counts.
When we got it for my daughter, it looked super adorable.
My only complaint is that it's super itchy/scratchy.
My daughter was uncomfortable in this tutu at times.
Esp if she had to sit down.
I did a quick add to cart based on the image above, looks white with a bit of charcoal gray maybe, it's actually olive green.
I'm typically a size Small, but the Medium fit snuggly.
Even washed in cold water only, the pink color ran into the white stripe.
Also purchased a green one, but did not have that problem.
I bought the 6-month size and it was way too big for my almost 5-month old.
I have other 6 month outfits but they aren't as big.
The material however is soft, smooth.
Very pretty prints.
I wish it would have fit.
I like wallets that I can attach my keys to, and this is a great buy!
Granted, it is bigger than I expected, but it holds more cards and receipts then my old wallet.
The leather is very soft, and the gold zipper gives it a stylish accent.
I love this, and would definitely recommend to a friend!
I looked around for a conceal purse when I became pregnant and could no longer wear my IWB holster.
As much as I dislike the idea of a conceal purse, it is much better then carrying nothing!!
So I looked around and couldn't believe the prices of purses.
.
most over 100.00!!!
So after seeing this on amazon and reading the reviews I decided to buy this one.
The purse is nice genuine leather.
It can hold alot.
The conceal part is ok too, I don't use the velcro holster since I tried taking out the gun in a hurry and it was stuck like glue in the holster.
I carry a Springfield XD subcompact so I don't have to worry about it going off ( like a glock ) if I had a different type of gun I would keep it in the holster just for the trigger to be covered.
The straps on this purse are not adjustable, which sucks, but for the price I won't complain.
Overall a good value!!
It is great and fit him perfect.
Next I might buy a different since it is very comfort when wearing it and it is warm.
wery nice, worm winter coat made for cold weather, my son is 2 yo and i think he will b even able to use it next year
This blanket is nice and warm and it also fits nicely.
Well made and perfect for my son this Fall.
I got this case for my 2 2/1 yr old son for Christmas.
He loves it because the Jay Jay wooden figures can be put in one special place.
It seems to be well made.
It has dividers in it, but they are also velcroed, so you can lower dividers to make a larger holding spot.
I needed that for Big Jake to fit into the carry case.
The Nike pants and jacket were very small, too tight for comfort.
Had to return them and was disappointed as I really liked the color.
I bought a different brand that fit quite generously in a medium.
A lot of &#34;yoga pants&#34; have too little or too much elastic.
Nothing is worse than finding that your yoga pants look like a deflated walrus skin from behind after wearing them for half of a day.
These pants keep their shape, and also don't look like flimsy, glorified leggings.
Great choice.
They were too big around the waist.
I ordered my usual size, however, these were at least one size too large.
Unfortunately the smaller waist size was not available and I returned the pants.
I bought this outfit for my six year-old granddaughter.
She can swim in it.
Unfortunately, I couldn't coordinate a return and she'll probably never wear it.
This is one of those instances where the product met the expectation.
Very stretchy, so easy to get on....stays put and is a GREAT during sex.
It really does shove your junk forward and is comfortable during sex.
I would not want to wear it full time.
Can't imagine wanting to have it on all the time.....but would highly recommend it as a sexual aid.
Also, my partner thinks it's great how it packages and delivers up my &#34;junk&#34;.
This poncho is fairly lightweight and durable and it fits my 5 year old well.
I recommend this product and would purchase again.
This item was not true to size as compared to other items that I have bought for my child.
She only got to wear this item twice and it was washed twice and it was too small
fabric is good.
size fits well.
the colors are lovely and i can put the set in the washing machine and dryer with no fears.
I have this shirt in blue.
The blue is not see-through, but the lighter colors are.
That's not the issue for me, though, as I wear a sports bra.
The warmth is also not an issue -- I just wear it for running when it is just a tad too cold for sleeveless.
The wicking ability of Under Armour clothing is fantastic (one of the best), but it isn't THAT great.
In other words, I wouldn't recommend paying their prices (I got mine half price after season, and it was still too much).
This is a compression shirt, so it should be tight, but the cut is too straight for women.
I normally wear a small, but I bought this in a medium.
It fits fine as long as I don't move.
Once I start running, it rides up around my middle, which is VERY annoying.
I am fairly thin and athletic (I'm a triathlete), so weight isn't the issue.
I bought a compression shirt at Target for much less and did not have that problem at all.
Now, I did buy that shirt in a large because of the issue I had with this one, but it is also cut differently (wider at the bottom for your hips).
I like it fitted, but I want it to stay down.
Now, I just wear this one as a layering piece under other shirts.
If you want warmth, you have to buy the thicker compression shirts.
There is no way to see that online, though.
They are also much more expensive.
I'd go with a different brand to save some money.
My grandaughter loved this outfit!
It was an instant big hit!
Vivid color, sparkles added up to ok in her book.
Looks very cute on too.
You can't go wrong with this one.
I really like the shirt, it is well made and the colors are nice and sharp.
The picture is clear as well.
I was a little disappointed that I had not noticed it was only4 members instead of 5 original members - but I guess it will do just fine.
Bought this for my fiancee who is working in Northern Ontario at an airport.
Wasn't sure about the fit, as he was in between sizes, bought him a large and they fit perfectly.Product came recommended from his uncle who wears them on the farm in the winter.Would recommend to anyone looking to stay warm.
Can be a little stuffy when its hot/humid, but does the job.
Bought for a camping trip that looked to be rainy.
Didn't end up having to use it very much, thankfully, but it is a quality jacket and will keep you dry.
I am happy with it.
I ordered this for my granddaughter and when I received it the zipper for the top had been sewn in backwards!
Where was the quality control?
I sent the item back and ordered something else...
I have a 54&#34; chest  and 40&#34; waist - I wear 2xl shirts but yours are usually too tight in the chest and 3xl is too baggy.
I bought the first one when the review said 'baggy in the chest'.
I loved it so I ordered another.
I have a Judo school and we are built like barrels - I recommend this style for anyone with big arms and chest and a normal stomach.
Craig
is very small, the elastic does not stretch, it is good quality but it is set to my son ok
The straps are so fragile that with the weight of my breasts, the straps actually broke and even though the thong fit around my waist and was even a little tight, the crotch part was about three inches too long and hung down about 2 inches from where it should sit.
If you or the woman receiving this gift has breasts that are any bigger than a B cup, I strongly suggest looking for something else and don't buy this in hopes that the thong will fit.
I bought this on a whim, but it has become my favorite dress on warm days, the color is adorable, and even on cooler days, a pair of leggings and a jacket go well with it as well.
The bow is cute but be warmed if you have a large bust, the dress is stretchy up top but can show a bit of cleavage.
A very good value on a variety pack of  quality dress socks for my husband to wear to work every day.
This outfit is made extremely well.
The design on the shirt is actually embroidered.
It is true to size, and my son loves it.
I'll keep it short and to the point.
These are the best dress pants I've ever worn.
So comfortable, yet attractive.
I've replaced all dress pants in my wardrobe with these.
I'm 5'8; 145 lbs, and the 10 worked out well and leaves me a little room so they're not skin tight.
Signed...new LOLE fan.
I purchased two of these - one in a lighter color, the other darker, for my twin grandbabies.
My daughter and I feel these are excellent items, high-quality, and well worth the price.
The delivery was even earlier than expected.
A wonderful gift and a practical items.
Thank you to Amazon once again
Way too large (and I'm a 36-38 waist).
Just not comfortable.
The fabric is heavy enough to wear below zero.Dick Sherman
The purse is cute, just bigger than I anticipated for a child.
The size is as in the description, II just didn't t draw it to scale before ordering
Great fit.
Ordered one size up for waist.
I'm a 32w so I got a 33w.
Definitely a skinny leg, so don,t expect it to cover shoes at all.
Keep in mind the rigid jeans are REALLY rigid so I got a softer denim.
got here on time in and good packageingproduct with a good quality will get more when is neededwell with ordering from the company
This hat is super warm and covers my whole head.
Well worth the price and is true to the color in the picture.
This outfit is such a nice outfit the color is like an orange /red as grapefruit, it's lovely and i know it will compliment the toddlers skintone and hair color, I can't wait to see it on her, at Christmas time and after It's quality is like that of high end shops, It's sassy, I love it
Cheap fabric that pilled after the first wash.
Not to mention see-through so I can't really wear it in public without people seeing what color undies I'm wearing.
I do like these pants.
I think that they fit well.
The first order I made was size large.
I ware a bigger size right now in pants because I gained a little weight and size large was too big.
I did think that was a little off, but when it comes to yoga pants I have noticed I tend to ware size medium, which are the replacement I ordered in the black color.
So far I have wore the pants twice and they are serving their purpose well.
These are soft, light weight and very comfortable.
They fit as expected and wear very well.
Very basic clothing item, so not much to say but these are as good as I've ever found.
They really work!
I gave these to my friend for Christmas and she wears them all the time!
Good choice!
These jeans do not fit as i thought they would.
This was a gift for my son for Christmas.
They will need to be returned because the style does not fit him correctly even though the size was correct.
I had been unfamiliar with the Hatley brand prior to placing this order.
I'm a big fan of Carter's clothes for babies, but I don't like their designs and materials for older boys' clothes quite as much (my son is 2 now).
So, I started sampling brands from Amazon that are not available in bricks-and-mortar stores in my area.
I'm happy with all of the clothes I chose (outfits from City Threads, Zutano, Charlie Rocket, Tea Collection, Paul Frank, and Levi's), but the Hatley items are nicest of all.
They use soft and sturdy materials with impeccable detailing.
I bought two Hatley outfits with this order, and after my son had worn them twice (so that I could also check out how they held up through laundry cycles), I bought four more.
Highly recommended.
The pants are incredibly lightweight and soft.
They feel like I don't have anything on, really.
Super comfy.
My issue is, they don't hug as well as thicker fabrics and tend to ride down my waist.
I don't always know when they are riding too low because they are so lightweight.
Also, after a wash, they shrunk quite a bit and I'm no longer able to wear in public.
They are indoor lounge pants now.
I may order again however, in a larger size, hand wash in cold and see what happens.
This product fit and looked exactly as advertised.
Please remember to adjust the back lace before trying to make the corset fit - it might seem like its not going to but once you adjust it correctly it fits perfectly.
The skirt is a little itchy but looks really good with the corset.
It is a fun little outfit and the quality is definitely worth the price.
I recommend this as a fun costumer or for stage productions.
.
The rain pants function very well, but they are huge.
My son normally wears medium or 8-10 pants, but the waist on these was twice as big as it needed to be.
Luckily they're mostly used for sitting at football games but for running around they would be contantly falling down (and there is no drawstring).
These pants are okay but they are lighter weight then I expected.
I like yoga pants for their comfort for workouts.
It is gourgeous, my daughter looks very preatty.
It is confortable and cute.
Excellent product, the fabric, color and designs are very nice.
She loves it.
This outfit was adorable on my daughter.
The pants are a little big, but the shirt and vest work nicely with skirts and other pants just fine.
The second one I have bought for my son in law.
He wore the first one so much over eight years it wore out.
I bought this for my father as a gift.
I bought one from another company, but I ended up returning it because the material was thin and it was very short.
This one is a keeper.
It is soft and thick.
Very well made.
Loved the shirt, but unfortunately it did not fit as most shirts in this size.
The sleeves were shorter than most shirts this size.
"The style was OK but I'm tall and the tall length was not long enough.
The pants felt small in general, even though it was my regular style.
I returned them
When I first put them on they were a little tight, but by the second or third wear they were so loose they were too big for me.
I could still wear them but they would slip down.
They at least don't get holes in them after a couple wears like other yoga pants in this price range.
Unfortunately, the size runs very small.
It really is adorable!
If purchasing this product purchase at least one size larger.
These socks are great!
My feet stay so warm all through the chilly winters here in New England.
The padding is quite thick and comforts my feet when walking on harder surfaces.
I even enjoy the design although it is quite a lot brighter than I had expected from the photos here on Amazon.
The blues and the orange are very vivid.
I hope you like them too!
We love Dakine bags .
.
they are well made, can be cleaned up easy, and are super sporty.
I think we own three backpacks and this is the newest addition.
Bought it for my 11 y.o tomboy of a daughter, fits her style perfect!
Buy it :)
Even though it was too big, it is adorable and he will grow into it.
So glad I shopped with you.
I would recommend this product to everyone who is looking for the perfect shower body wrap for a gift or for yourself!!!!!!
This is a great safety product when doing knife training or fighting.
It will provide some protection but it is not armor so understand what you are buying.
I bought these shirts for my husband to wear under his work shirts and flannel shirts.
He is a big guy who does a moderate amount of physical work at his job each day.
These shirts fit him just right (he is usually an XL and that is the size I ordered for him).
Unlike some other shirts, these ones are not too short or too long.
He has had them for about 6 months now and they are holding up great.
I have ordered several more of them because he has told me how much more he likes them than the plain white ones of a different brand that he had been using.
They are also nice enough to also wear on their own.
I'm generally a size small in adult's sizing, so I sized up to medium since this was labeled for juniors.
I don't know who the heck decided to call these &#34;junior sized&#34; but they are dead wrong.
I can finally wear them after shrinking them in the wash a few times, but they're still a little too loose to wear to yoga or really, any other workout.
They're stictly around-the-house pants now.
They bunch a tad at the foldover point because of cheap sewing, but really, for the price, it's still a good deal.
Just buy your normal size and these are good, cheap lounge pants.
Loved  the outfit.
Wore it to sesame place to see Elmo.
Arrived on time.
Good quality.
A little small but still fit.
This is indeed a gorgeous top, but the color is a bit different than it appears in the photo.
It is more of an off- white cream color than it appears, and the stitching along the front pleats and hem is tan.
It is beautiful, but don't think you're getting a white blouse here.
My son loves these pants.
They are so comfortable he says.
He actually sleeps in them.
They are worth the money.
I purchased this Little Lass 3 piece sweater set.
One thing the color was a winner.
Our grandaughter was happy with the outfit and the color.
I will tell others.
I have had others ask about the outfit and where I got it.
Thanks Amazon.
Service was very very good.
I will look for other clothes like this.
These tights are a lifesaver!
I wear skirts a lot, and in winter, my tights and hose quickly get worn through.
Not anymore!
The sock on these tights is thick and sturdy.There were, however, two negatives: (1) I got the recommended size for my height/weight, and the cable knit pattern isn't actually very visible.
They fit comfortably, but just aren't stretched enough to show the pattern; I don't want to size down just so the cable shows and risk a bad fit.
(2) The socks aren't affixed straight on the tights, meaning they don't point straight forward -- you have to turn the feet in relation to the waist, which means each leg is a little twisted.However!
Because the cable pattern doesn't really show, it isn't noticeable that the tights are twisted.
The negatives cancel each other out, making these tights just fine.
I ordered a 2t for my daughter which is what she wears all the time  but this was too small.
This is a great, and super cute, well made but I wished I had known that it ran small.
I love lounge pants and own several pairs.
You expect a fair amount of spandex in a pant that has that in the title; however, these pants are not as the description stated.
I wore them twice and they have stretched out and have no shape to left to them.
The material is piling a lot also, after two washes the inner thigh area is very piled and the rest of the pant is showing lots of piling.
The fit was good, but the material is not going to hold up well to a lot of wear.
was a gift for a 5 year old boy, nice lots of different places to stash $$$ and change also a nice place for picture ID
Comprar ropas Nannette son una maravilla, es elegancias para los ni&ntilde;os y ni&ntilde;asde esta epoca.
es exclusivopa ra cualquier temporada del a&ntilde;o.
Fit my daughter very good nice fabric but the pant is too tight and need slim child like my daughter
It was too late to return this defected item to Amazon, so Im writing this review to warn others of a potential defect in these shorts.I bought these shorts from Amazon late May '13.
I'm writing this review early October &#34;13.
I've worn these shorts maybe 15 times.Some of the construction of these shorts is with &#34;welded&#34; seams as opposed to stitched seams.The welded seam on the back pocket of these shorts came apart in the wash making them unwearable.I wouldn't buy these - there are too many good hiking shorts available to settle for these.
I have a similar pair of pants that I got before I ordered these.
Same brand, make, and everything, except the color.
I ordered a 29x30 and the length was perfect for my legs (just a tad bit of bagginess, but not bulky), so when I ordered this pair I expected the same.
However, the legs were a couple inches longer, even though I got a 29x30.
As a result, there's more bagginess on the legs, which I've come not to like anymore.
Just be wary about the size when you are ordering.
You may want to get a shorter length.
Nice shirt for boys/teens.
It is made kind-of small so I recommend going one size up from normal.
Other than that it is a nice graphic shirt AND you can't beat the price!!!
I bought these for my 7 year old son.
They were way to small.
These would be best for a three year old.
I gave these to my daughter.
She says they are every comfortable for working out in.
They don't slid down or ride up.
No problem in the washing and drying either.
The color hasn't faded.
It fits comfortable and it's the right size it's perfect for casual wear and I hope if they have them in blue...
This is probably the best shower wrap that I have ever bought and through the years I have had many.
The neck hole is so big it constantly slides over her shoulders.
It would be cute over a swimsuit or tank top but not by itself.
Too long for me although I wanted them for yoga;  They are not good for mat workout, but maybe suitable for zumba or dance.
My kids love this purse.
It is perfect for a little girl's purse collection and I am very happy with my purchase.
Hello,For the past 10 years I have lived on a barrier island in southwest Florida.
Needless to say, this is a locale where mostly rain gear applies.
Upon moving almost 800 miles north, I quickly realized it was time for a major upgrade in outerwear as I spend around 125 days a year fishing and this is not changing.Given this I started a pretty solid acquisition spree of jackets.
Here is most of the softshells I can recall at this monent: Arc'teryx Venta SV, Gamma MX, Smartwool PHD HyFi Full Zip Hoody, Marmot ROM, and Sharp Point.
In addition, I have a Marmot Adamant lying around somewhere.
Aside from the Gamma MX and Smartwool, the remainder all use Gore's Windstopper laminate.Out of the lot, the Venta is the jacket I wear probably 90% of the time.
It is far more comfortable than the Sharp Point that feels too much like a hard shell.
The ROM is amazingly comfortable and it has become my tennis warmup jacket, but the reason it is used there is the sides use mesh instead of the Windstopper material.
While perfect for high exertion and it is a clever solution to the airflow issues with Windstopper.What I like most about the Venta is its flexibility.
With many outdoor industry types positing that Windstopper is all but identical to Gore Tex with the proviso that seam taping is verboten, I have certainly found that to be the case.
I have noticed a tiny amount of water around the Arc'Teryx logo and the Gore Windstopper logo on the sleeve.
And this was only after literally 5 hours straight of rain at a college football game.The fit is great and I very much dig the Yippee Cayenne colorway.
While some will no doubt lambaste the Venta for &#34;not being very warm for the money&#34;, it is not an insulated jacket!
However, it is needless to say far warmer than my Alpha LT.  Or any other GTX hard shell for that matter.
I would reckon this jacket's temperature range to be 43-67 degrees.
Anything colder and I am busting out my Outdoor Research Maestro Down Parka.
(simply phenomenal)Cheers,Jack
I am loving the pants.
The material feels real comfy on your skin, and the belly part is very neatly done too.
My only problem is the length.
I am 5 feet tall.
So my order was Small size and I am happy with it, except if I am ever to use the pants for more than sleeping, I will need to cut of like 7 inches or so.
The sizing is great elsewhere, but the length.
.
buy it for my wife, it made with very high quality.
and the meterial is very good.
Just a little thin, otherwise I'll give it 5 stars.
How can it be "Tea Collection Girls 2-6x Perico Six Piece Set" in size 12?
Who will ever buy this when the description gives contradicting size information.
The set looks cute, oh well.
These fit my grandson just fine and worked great with his halloween costume!
Just what I needed!
Thanks so much!
Very pretty, well made.
Bought as a gift for my 4 year old cousin, she is tall for her age and it fit he perfectly.
the pants and tutu fit great but the shirt seemed to be 2 sizes to small.
I ordered a 6 and when it came both the pants and shirt said 6 but there was no way the shirt was a 6 my thin 5 year old could not even get it on.
I would not recommenced this to others unless you could buy the shirt separately in a bigger size.
piety so sad it was cute
This is the second of these shirts I've purchased.
They are well made and very comfortable.
They do run a little smaller and the sleeves are quite tight compared to US shirts.
I'm considered somewhat slim and the shirt fits perfectly.
If you are heavier or muscular, you might want to buy a size larger.
Great price on warm under layer for my son the snow boarder.
Item arrived quickly, within 3 days!
and is sized appropriately.
Purchased for children's art project in size S/P (6-8).
Kids are 5 year olds, average built.
The description reads that shirts were &#34;preshrunk for a true, long-lasting fit&#34;.
Well, the fit lasted all right until I washed and dried them.
Now the size S/P (6-8) is so short on 5 y.o. I can see his belly button.Size UP, and if you buy them for art project Wash&Dry; before making art, to avoid kids frustration.If you can guess your size the shirt itself is ok for the price.
This jean feels and fits different the all my other 508's.
The cut is slimmer, hugs the butt and legs which works for me.
These jeans look great and are comfortable most likely due to the slight stretch in the fabric which I doubt is 100% cotton as described.
Exactly what I expected.
I love under armour products and this shirt is great!
Can wash it dry it and hang it up ready to go.
Great for warm weather.
I love these socks.
I am not a diabetic but I love the way these socks support my feet and legs.
If you're worried about sizing, this is a xxl and then some.
Being a person that a regular xl is hit and miss on, i usually go with a double X and this one is pretty large but still wearable.
It's a very sharp looking and comfortable shirt and the seems look as though they will hold together.
After washing it a few times, I have yet to experience any "twisting" in the shape.
Overall I have to say that this is indeed a very nice sport polo.
I read other reviews that say it's stichy but ordered it any way because I could not resist the price and I love it.
It has a very soft touch, the size is roomy, and I wasn't fooled about the 5% cashmere, I was being told.
It does makes some balls under the arms but most of them do.
The color was like I saw in the picture and the price really tempting.
I do love it!
I like to dress my kids how I would dress.
I love Nautica and when I saw this outfit for my son, I knew I had to get it.
For the price, this item was a steal!
If you want a really nice outfit for a handsome little boy than get this!
La blusa se rasgo el cocido y la licra sale el color en el cuerpo.
The bodice is feature Lycra stew and get the color in the body
A+++++ !!!
My boyfriend loved it !
He wears it every night and it is super comfy !
!
!
Worth every penny !
I was a bit worried about buying these because I'm short... (5'2&#34; on a good day).
They are great and fit perfectly.
I walk 4+ miles a day and prefer to wear a yoga pant and tank.
These were PERFECT.
I weigh 125 and got the small and they were a perfect fit!
They have held up many washes and have not pilled like others have said.
I've bought 5 pair now (to get me through a week).
They are very comfortable and I would wear them every day if I could.
They aren't super tight so you could even wear them out and about.
I love them and the price is AWESOME!
I definitely recommend these!
es de buena calidad y buen dise&ntilde;o, es la de mi uso cotidiano y puedo decirle que es de excelente calidad la recomiendo
i had a pair of these i bought at the mall for years when they finally ripped i decided to buy new ones the first ones i bought were a bit tight i thought maybe i gained weight or something, so i bought some a size up and they turned out to be way too big at the waist and the material feels different.
But i still really like these pants
This is very warm and cozy with a beautiful classic look.
The hat was a tiny bit small (my child has average head size) but really, she wouldn't have worn it anyways, so no big deal!
Great price and quality with snap buttons for little fingers
My husband was thrilled to receive this shirt - the color is great, the fit is perfect.
But, he brushed against something and a fuzzy thread snagged and made a pull in the shirt, which looks awful.
We tried to pull it back out, because we knew if we cut it, it would just make a hole.Yes it was his fault, but I think the fabric does pull too easily.
For our niece for christmas, she loved it!The quality of the clothing was noticeable.
It does not feel cheap like some brands.
This product is very warm but i didn't like the size.
.
i ordered a small and i got a large.
.
I would only recommend this to someone bigger then a small.
This product is very stylish but it looks nothing like the picture.
i was very unhappy when i recieved it.
Very cute black skirt.
It is tight and short.
Looks just like the picture.
Perfect to wear with anything!
very satisfied
Seeing I am 7' 2&#34;,it is really hard to get these type of pants to fit me, I loved these pants, so I have no choice.
Thank  for those who made/ manufactured these outfit.
The smell is too much, let me feel at ease, after all, is to give the child to wear&#12290;Can note&#12290;
love them, you should show the cinched back some people don't like that and its not in the photo, we how ever loved our new shorts
My husband loves these shirts... very nice and light weight.
They wash well and look as good as new.
I would highly recommend for any guy, especially for the active guy, who wants to look good and stay cool.
great price and quality.They are good looking and great qualities.I will use them as gifts for my friends.good luck.Hope have a better case for them next time
Fits nice.
I like the slim updated look without the &#34;legs stuffed like sausages&#34; look and feel.
I wish it came in 29 x 34 size.
The color is extremely vibrant, and it catches people's eyes all the time.
(In fact maybe too much)  Although it is a VERY sturdy built jacket, it does have some flaws.
Mine has no lining on the inside, so you can see every stitch.
What's more, the care instructions are sown quite literally into the jacket, so I have no idea how to exactly wash or care for it.All in all, this is a great piece that is awesome for parties and social events.
Purchased in december and at beginning of April started tearing in the thighs.Wondering how I might go about getting a refund.I liked the jeans which is the sad part.
Excellent shirt.
Fit is good and material is comfortable.
I would reccomend it.
color is right on the money too.
I am highly satisfied with this product.
Thermal and kineastetic comfort is great and I recommend the product without hesitation.
Very Pretty!!!
HelloGood quality cloth and I've washed has not changedWhen worn by girls have become like princessesthank you
I love the fit, feel, cut, design, length, price and tummy coverage of these pants!
Wow!
I might get another pair!
My daughter was 3 when I purchased this.
She was about 45  lbs then she is now 5 and is 58 and 4 ft tall.
When I purchased this the top fit just right then after like the 1st few washes shrunk.
and the skirt was extremely too big.
and now that she is bigger the skirt fits better now and the top I had to get rid of.
I bought these for my husband and they look great on him.
I should have bought more.
As for quality, I've bought other Lee jeans from Amazon in the past and they've held up very well.
I wouldn't hesitate to buy them again.
If you have a hot tub or pool get this thing.
had for 18 months and is holding up well.
.
My son normall wears a size smaller than what I ordered...was trying to go big and get a little more time out of things...but I couldn't even pull these shorts over his hips.
Too bad, because it's a cute outfit and he really wanted to wear it.
Like other mom's had been complaing, I was having trouble finding an age appropriate bra for my 11 year old.
All others had too much padding, underwires, why?
Anyway, tried this one because of the reviews and it worked out nice.
There is a bit more padding than necessary, but not too bad.
Planning on ordering a couple more.
I would not recommend this product.The velcro fastener comes undone too easily resulting in involuntary disrobing.A towel wrapped around the waist works better.
Comfortable fit, just right, would think about ordering a few more pairs, very comfy.
Will look to see if in any other colors
I had a pair of 508's before, found them better fitting than 514 which is what i wore for 4+ years.
The 508 which were released just a while back are more roomy however still offer a close tapered look of the 514.
This is indeed a large backpack with pockets and is very high quality.
I'm sure it will last longer than my grandson will be interested in it.
He'll use it for school and overnights and taking toys on trips.I'm very pleased with the quality and brightness of this item.
It was delivered promptly.
Worth every penny from a well known brand.
Would buy this shirt again---color looks great too.
I recommend this shirt.
The sizing on the pair I received was larger than the label.
The 36x30 jeans measured 38&#34; around the waist and 31&#34; in terms of length.
Thought they'd shrink some if I washed them.
They Didn't.
Wish I would have returned them.
Hide-ees better than bloomers are so cute for my 3 year old to wear under her dress.
I only ordered one to see how I liked them and will be ordering more.
Very nicely made, sturdy and handy with brilliant colors, my niece loved it and is always dragging it around i reccomend it.
I love these thigh highs thy go so well with a lot of my cloths and r so soft which is a big thing for me b/c it it's itchy I will not wear it!
I liked the reviews on this shirt, it looks nice on my husband but he hasn't golfed in it yet.
He seemed happy with the weight (light) and the cut.
I thought it looked sharp.
After having them for a couple of days, one of the seams ripped, but it was a quick fix, took about ten seconds.
But I love them so much that I'm giving them a 5 anyway.
I wear them pretty much all the time.
I bought a size small and they fit beautifully; sometimes I kind of feel like I'm not even wearing pants.I wear them: to bed, to my ballroom technique class, around my apartment, to the store, anywhere that says pants are required for service, etc.Pros:-Comfy-Stretchy-Okay, they're just really comfortable-good fitCons:-Long (but i'm only 5'(almost) 2&#34;), so.
.
If you're average height, rest assured, these will fit perfectly.-Seam near the crotch came loose, but it was a really quick fix, so no big deal.Overall, these are amazing.
True story.
I really like this.
It holds just about everything but unfortunately that makes it heavy since I tend to fill it up.
I think I would prefer if it were just a tad smaller
This is a lightweight sweater and is great for the price.
I bought a 2T and a 3T because it's a basic go-with-everything sweater and I am sure I will be using both as he grows.
I'll probably kick myself for not getting a 4T!
conjunto muy bello, elegante, bonito, divertido y sobre todo que es de tres piezas y le encanta a mi hija y bueno le fascina.
I am 6'3'' and weigh 187lbs on the skinny side I guess.
I bought 36x34, though I should have bought 34x32 since it ended up being a bit large.
It feels great and fits great.
I have big thighs, but that isn't a problem with these jeans.
Overall perfect!!
Totally worth the price!!
just like in the picture, it works lovely.
My son will love it when he gets older.
Nemo is our theme, it was fast shipping.
I should have listened to the other reviews.
You get what you pay for basically.
The strap was coming off of the nighty before I even tried it on.
The nighty was not the same as the picture.
The one I received has a straight pink detail along the chest and a straight pink detail along the waste (closer to belly button location).
I was looking for a baby doll style and the one I received was not.
Don't waste your time on this outfit.
Also, beware that it ships from China and the expected shipping is usually a month.
The man of the house loves this.
The shirt is just a scoche tight around the neck, not the garment's fault.
He mentions the garment every time he has it on.
Cuts the wind VERY well, generally comfortable.
Best response on a Christmas present yet!
Oh, arrived promptly and well-packaged
I bought the wrap for my son and he loves it.
He has it on every time he gets out of the shower.
He is a little on the slim side with a 33 inch waist and it fits him well.
He is tall and has longer legs and it still comes down just above his knees.
I would recommend this wrap, it is really nice.
I love these jeans.
I wear them nearly everyday.
The fit is great and I couldn't find any obvious flaws in the sewing.
That being said, the material they are made of is not particularly durable.
After wearing them for six months the denim is coming apart.
Perhaps I am expecting too much but I had hoped that they would last at least a year.
The pants are of good quality.
The shipping was a little slow took a few days to ship and were towards the slower end of the time frame.
I actually had to get another pair slightly different locally for my daughter to wear in a parade, but they did finally arrive the day before the parade.
Just wasn't the fast response I've gotten used to with Amazon companies
honestly I thought it would be a bad but, after i put it on took a minute to settle in and be come awesome, it's really good quality material, its cozy and thin i like it
I agree with some of the other reviews: the soft fleece-ish lining in the jacket and sleeves creates some friction when you are wearing some other layer (like fleece) and you have to adjust the fit on your arms.
Other than that very minor critique, the jacket is great.
The axillary vents are spacious enough to do what they're designed to do.
I thought the front pockets would be too high up on the jacket, but they are very comfortable.
The hood is quite large because it's designed to fit over a helmet (which it does very well).
However, since I rarely wear a helmet with this jacket, the hood is cumbersome.
If I re-purchased, it would be without the hood.Otherwise a very good-looking, well-wearing jacket that's great for all types of weather.
SO comfy, and they don't stretch out through out the day!
Great dark gray color.
My new faves.
BUY THEM THEY'RE AWESOME!
I used this with my son for as long as it fit him, and have now moved him into the Large.
I attribute his improved sleep to these blanket sacks keeping him warm.
Even at 16 months I worry about putting my son to sleep with a loose blanket in his crib.
I have med and large fleece sacks, and med and large jersey sacks, and have used them consistently.
I think my son knows it is time to sleep once he is in one.
I know they are made with feet holes, but my son walks fine in the regular sacks.
(He looks like a little ghost in his current white one.)
As for complaints about the zippers, our only trouble is when it is not started with the insert side completely seated, and that is only on the safari print sack for my husband.
I wash these weekly at the least and they are still in great condition.
This is fabulously cute and great quality, however be aware it seems to run a bit small--particularly the pants--I expect it to be about 9 months rather than 12 to 18.
For people who need as much protection from the sun as possible these pants are a big help at the beach or for other activities.
They are a bit loose on my lower legs and so not ideal for a lot of swimming (they create drag) but for a day on a boat or on the beach they are comfortable, well made, and reasonably priced.
If it is a choice between this kind of protective clothing or not going out in the sun (for many sunscreen alone is not enough) clothes like this help a lot.
I have always have good luck with products from Coolibar.
Burp rag is so small it's useless, unless your trying to train your baby to target when spitting up.
Rest of it is moderate quality.
I ordered up since my daughter is already a 6, the 7-8 fits very comfortably.
She now can do handstands and cartwheels in dresses to her hearts content
They stay in place, have good padding and ventilation.
I use for Jazzercise and I don't pussyfoot around.
They look good in black.
For $25 it is a good buy.
I was a bit nervous about the quality, but it is good.
I would recommend it.
I gave this only a 4 because compared to other styles of Lee it is a bit skimpy.
It also needs a touch up iron and does wrinkle quickly.
With that said, the pants are comfortable and the fabric is soft.
The pants were as expected (one star) and the package was shipped really quickly (two stars) but I was hugely disappointed that these pants don't have a drawstring.
I purchased them for my son who is very thin and we had to rig up a belt so the pants would stay up.
Who thought that feature was optional?
Very disappointed.
Just What I expected great fit I love them!I work in homecare nursing just what I need for overnights
This product arrived exactly as described.
It took a little longer to get than expected but I ordered it early enough.
The price was comparable to large discount stores and I didn't have to search the racks for it.
I bought this shirt and I was so excited because it's one of the coolest shirts I have ever seen.
I loves the color and the pattern along with the style.
When the package arrived I was so super pumped and then I opened it...  The shirt was extra tiny, and I'm not exaggerating either.
I would guess that a shirt this size in a different brand would be labeled as a small.
NOT an x-large!!!
I'm so disappointed, bc this is such a pretty shirt.
Beware of buying unless you are a size small then it's ok just order the bigger size to fit!!
Bought these for my son.
Perfect size and perfect length.
This is his 3rd pair.
This top is cute, but does run small.
I wear a size 14 and the XL is tight.
I'll just have to work out more.
I love Sock Monkeys!
This was another great addition to my collection!
It fits well in my purse, is not too big, but actually carries quite a few coins at one time!
Its adorable and sturdy.
I didn't realize the size but I love it.
I haven't given yet but I expect it will be a success
I work in the oilfield and it gets pretty cold at night... these do everything as advertised and more... i will be buying more
Ordered as a gift.
Delivered as promised.
I was pleased with the quality of the set.
The sweater was soft and comfy.
like most of the other reviews, they are thin and they are fairly long - though i'm 5'3" and pretty much everything is long on me, so... i've spent twice as much on yogas from vic/secret, they are twice as thick and have lasted a few years... so from a "get what you pay for" perspective, sure, i will order some more v/s yogas, but these being a lighter weight will be better for summer and really for 12 bucks, if you get a season out of them, you've gotten your money's worth :)
I ordered this outfit for a friend's little girl.
It is a beautiful outfit.
However, on the white part of the back of one sleeve it had 3 little spots of what appeared to be an oil stain.
It was the blue-colored thread.
I chose to go ahead and give it to the child.
I took pictures of the defect and let the mother know that it did have a defect and that I would return it.
After opening it, the mother, to my surprise, chose to keep it as it was.
For the price I paid, I would have preferred to return it, but I think the mother was afraid I wouldn't be able to get another outfit just like it.The turnaround time from the time I ordered this outfit until I received it was excellent.
So the seller did an excellent job on this.
This little ensemble, make my two years old baby boy look smart and cute.I love it!
good quality and price!
Bought it for my grandson for Christmas and he loves it !!!
He said but an x-large and that's what I ordered and it just fit him !
The color was just what he wanted
My grandson loves his super heroes and he loved this outfit.
The pants were a little long but that's not a problem.
Shipping was fast!
It arrived way before date estimated.
Material seemed a bit thinner than I thought it would be.
I thought it was going to tear, but it held up pretty good.
Turned out to be a great buy
I got this for my 4 year old, but it did not fit him.
The shorts were too tight around the waist, and the Tee was small too.
We have been moving away from the swaddles since our son is rolling around like crazy.
This keep him warm at night and also free to roll.
My 6 1/2 year old daughter has owned several pairs of these and she loves them for the comfort.
They are also very durable so we just buy 2-3 pairs per year and use them under uniform during school year as well as summer dresses.
on the picture it seems nice then it appeared.
though my daughter loves this dress and its espetially for birthday girl.
I wear them to work.
They're really light and really soft, even after washing them.
They're a teensie bit see-through but only if you've got a giant booty like mine.
great fit and great quality my new favorite, i have no problem ordering more of these jeans, good price as well
This is a very beautiful dress.
For the price (which is amazing!)
I wasn't expecting it to look so good.
The lines are very pretty and the seams are finished nicely.
This was the perfect dress for my 6 year old to wear at her Frozen birthday tea party, for a nice likeness and feal of Elsa.
Thank you
I was confused about the best size to order for me.
I'm about 180 pounds and 5 ft. 4 inches tall.
I ended up ordering a size XL.
They fit well around the waist and hip area but the legs are way too long.
So I fold them over around the calf.
But they are extremely comfortable.
I would suggest NOT walking around without shoes when you wear these.
The socks pick up anything and everything the sock bottom touches and it's impossible to get all this stuff out of the sock.These might be very comfortable but they are not worth the money I paid for them and I won't buy anymore.
I will stick to knee socks.Cindy M.
I purchased the owl purse, which looks exactly as pictured.
It is well made, and the colors are vibrant.
The body of the purse measures 6.5"x7".
The strap is short, as noted by someone else's review --- too short to wear across the body; but I don't think that I'd want a three year old to have a purse with a long strap, anyway.
It might be a safety issue.
The reason that I gave it three stars is because the zipper is too short, creating a very small opening on the purse.
Even though a child's hands are small, it still seems difficult to place things inside.
I should have looked more closely at the picture, because it clearly shows that the zipper only goes from one of the owl's ears to the other.
Because the sides of the purse are stiff, it makes it difficult to spread the opening much.
Maybe in time it will soften, and be more pliable.
The other designs look like they might have larger openings, like the butterfly and the watermelon.
The tag states that it is not for a child of under 3 years of age.
I'm sure that is because of the strap.
I was quite thrilled to get this corset dress in the mail to use as a part of my costume to be Harely Quinn at Comicon.
fits perfectly!
Only thing I was disappointed with was the front is a bit difficult to fasten, due to it being made of metal.
My 4 year old grand daughter wore this outfit to her birthday party.
She loved it and was so excited that her favorite doll could dress up just like her.
She received lots of comments on how beautiful she looked.
This thing is pretty thick.
Thickest underarmour garment I've seen.
That being said, I will not wear it for running or bicycle.
I will; however, wear it when on the motorcycle.
I got these for my snow trip and they were great.
they don't seem especially thick but they were really warm!
Definitely recommend...
These are comfy, and not see through!
The only thing is the pants are a little long, but nothing a little alterations can't fix.
This purse is just right for a little girl: it is sturdy, just right for little hands, and perfect fot the little &#34;girly girl.
It is colorful and well made - just look at it - doesn't it make you smile?
It fits nice and I've had lots of compliments on it.
I can hardly wait for warmer weather so I can experience the comfort while golfing.
A quality product at a good price.Bought these a few months ago, they have held up well, no stretching or shrinkingThe fit is great; the pocket is the perfect size for whatever you need to carry
High quality soccer tee with tough, comfortable cotton cloth, excellent raised stitching and FRANCE across the back shoulders.
Great looking, great fitting, great feeling.
If only the team was better!
Love these pants they are beyond comfortable and true to their size expect the fact that they are super long.
I stand 5'7" and they drag the ground even if I stand up on my tip toes other then that awesome pants!
These pants are so long , I'm 5'4 and they drag on the ground.
Fit nicely everywhere else but at least 4 inches too long
It's a little bit large.
I sold it to another guy.
He is 180cm height.
And he said it's very fit and good looking.
Good T-shirt, does not itch.
Had to purchase a full size larger due to shrinkage which is normal for this product.
Great shirt for a hot climate.
Adorable outfit; i have not seen this one on my grandaughter yet.
but i am hearing she loves it!
i bought her so many that it is hard for me to have her wear them all when i am around.i love the doll outfits, they are sooo cute.
I bought this as a present and it fit as expected, it is high quality and was worth the price.
Excelente Corte muy fresco y perfecto para m&iacute;!
Y la calidad y el precio son los mejores.
Me encantan el color Khaki muy de moda.
My Brother purschaed this pants.
He loves how it fit him.
Nice and comfortable.
He will  be buying more of these in the future.
I love baggalini and this bag is great for traveling.
It has that outside zipper so you can slide it over the handle of the luggage.
It is roomy inside and the straps are long enough to put over your shoulder.
Material seems cheap.
I doubt this outfit will last through more than a couple wash cycles.
The glitter is a bit rough, for a child's skin contact.
It was not packaged well, and gave the appearence of a 'used' item.
Took a long time for delivery, compared to others.
I've gotton lots of complements on the look of the bag (giraffe print)!
I love the look too and also that it's light, easy to wash, and has well designed accessible compartments.
It's true that the straps do slip off my shoulder a lot but I still am happy with the purchase.
My husband was in search of a pair of jeans that weren't as baggy as his other pairs and we came across the Levi 508 fit on a fashion blog for men.
My husband has larger thighs and so a regular cut doesn't usually work, but a relaxed cut is too baggy.
We bought these and found that they were too small/tight.
In addition, my husband didn't like the Quincy fabric design because it looked old and worn-in.
This shirt fit perfectly and was sized right as well.
I am very pleased with this shirt was well worth the price I paid.
Bought these to use as maternity pants to lounge around in and was very pleased with them.
They run a little big, but they are super soft and comfortable.
Can't go wrong with Levi's great product fits perfectly can't complain, there very Comfortable that's why I gave this 5 stars
Great item!
True to size, and packaged nicely.
Felt that product should have come more quickly, considering the shipping costs.
This outfit is exactly as pictured.
I wear a size 8-10 and the medium fit me perfect.
It has lots of attention to details and I have received many compliments.
Love the length of pants and the graceful flow of the top.
All in all a great online purchase.
I can complain much- for the price, they're exactly what I expected- but a lot more cotton than spandex.
They're a bit rough, get ball-ey, and don't hold their shape.
Good for pjs or when you're at home.
This was a gift but was so well liked I am guessing the Carhartt brand must have some industrial chic fashion appeal as well as simply working really good in really terrible weather.
Winter is almost over but I am still considering ordering one for myself, given the glowing praise the gift recipient expressed wearing it through several late season, brutally cold storms.
One of the best available products of its kind.But definitely not for hot humid weather (south-america, south asia).
In colder weather, it will be ok.Recommend it
Seems this is made for children?
I bought this for a man who has fairly large arms (mans arms.
.
not fat or muscular.
.
just average  ...larger than mine).
I tried it on myself and it is so tight for me it will not fit the guy I bought it for.
It also does not stay up on your arm.
It rolls down.
I bought some other tattoo sleeves from another seller and it fits better.
I think these are for children and not adults...oh well.
If you are skinny or if you are buying this for a child then you'll like it.
If you have average to larger arms this are not for you.
Hopefully the seller(s) might warn in their descriptions that the fit is for smaller people.But for the cost, I will give this to my neighbors 10 year old.
He'll get a kick out of it.
Awesome pair of jeans that can we worn both as casual or formal wear.
I sometimes wear them when I visit my customers and get complimented on how good they look.
Same reaction from the guys in the pub.
There where 2 different sizes listed.
It said 2-6x in the description  and 10 in the size area.
I got it thinking it was a 10, but it was a 6x.
Luckly I have a daughter that size too.
It fits her very well, she loves it.
true to size, and perfect to keep the little one warm also perfect for wearing to Church on Sundays / out for dinner
Looks even better in real.
The only thing is about the size, it was kind of small for a size 3, go for one size more than what you need just to be sure
The fabric and cut of this jacket are such that most older guys would prefer not to have it in their wardrobe.
This is a really great buy.
As a long time, Kollector of Koalas, I approve.
Very high Koality well made, good finish.
The only complaint I have is that color is nothing like the picture.
It is really green/teal - but a nice color anyway.
The velvet strip down the center was a nice surprise.
I brought this dress for my daughters 3rd birthday party.
It is so cute and true to size.
The colors and the cut of the dress go together perfectly.
I love, love, love the way my daughter looks wearing the dress in her birthday pictures.
Oh, and the dress washes well.
Great beanie I bought 2 the green and the brown one, and I wear them all the time and there cheaper than in stores, there about $25 in stores and I got one for 9 and the other for 12, a good deal for a great quality beanie
The top was Ok but the short was too small.
It was a little disappointing so if you are planning to buy this set it is for slim boys
I've be a user of this product for years now.These shorts take a beating everyday and still look like new.The only negative would be the cloth pockets whichhave developed holes over time but a little duct tape solved the problem for me.Amazon vendor sent the wrong size but they refunded my money very promptly.
.
I was surprised that Carters made this clothes!
The quality of the shorts was so poor and the size is too small... I ordered 2T for my son (2years, 28 pounds), should have ordered at least 4T.
Fits great, it's comfortable (at least the kid wears it), looks great on.
Size seems accurate, as compared to Pink Angel label.
I absolutely ADORE these pants!!
I have fairly wide hips and thick thighs, bought a medium in different colors and they fit wonderfully - not too tight (which is what I have to watch out for) or too loose, just perfect.
It's excellent quality and I'll keep buying more pairs from them!
I recommend this product!
Very cool cut and perfect for me!!
And the quality and price are the best.
Love them and I highly recommneded!!
I was shocked at the price for pants(elastic waist), shirt, vest and tie (clip on), no less Nautica.
My son was the best dressed toddler at the wedding.
Very cute!
My daughter loves this outfit and wants to wear it constanly.
It had good quality and a good fit and the price was very reasonable.
I really like this knit cap; it is soft and comfortable; I am always leary of &#34;one size fits all&#34; clothing but this one stretches to fit my big head and looks good too.
I also like the fact that the stripes are not bold stripes.
I think I got my monies worth.
I would recommend purchasing this hat to friends.
best jeans nice color perfect fit-----------------------i love it so much and every jeans lover should get one //
These needed about a 1 week break in period for me before I found them to be comfortable, but I do have cycling legs which makes the thighs on some pants a little too tight for me.
The color is about the same as you see here in the picture.
I can use them for casual or business casual just fine.
I wondered what the difference between twill and denim would actually be and it's not much.
As far as I can tell, it's a finer thread which yields a bit of a softer touch that denim.
too small for the size it's shown.
I bouth one set 2t and it fits for a baby of max.
12 months!!!
nice fabric, my kid feels fine and hey he seem to be the envy on his kinder garden, sure i will keep buying these theme clothing, besides he loves it all of them i bought, i really like it too
I'm a size 4 and these are way too big.
At first they were snug but after one wash the elastic on the top wore out.
Not buying this again.
Great piece, I am a huge Blackhawks fan and have purchased a bunch of different McFarlane figures and this is one of my favorites.
Also found out it has gone up in value so not bad!
I bought this purse for my two year old granddaughter and she loves it!
It has room for her little pretend keys, her bracelets and her toy cell phone.
She loves having a purse like Gammie's.
It is well made and the colors are really pretty.
The strap is just the right length for her.
I think this purse would also work for older girls.
We gave this shirt as a gift to an avid golfer and he loves it.
He has asked for more.
This is the bag you want for ALL your stuff plus easy access for your gun.
Great leather bag.
Very good quality.
Fantastic strap design.
How about more bright colors.
Black is so dull...?
Haven't won't yet but maybe one day it fits very well.
n this item is nice piece.
and plan order another later m.
Looks good and got it at a great price.
Can't be the deal especially for the money.
This material is extremely comfortable
This is a wonderful jacket, I love to color and it fits well.
I do wish it were a bit longer on the torso because if you wear them with low rise jeans, a bit of your stomach might show.
Also, it is not as warm as I would like it, you definitely have to wear a long sleeve under it if you want to block out the cold.
Other than that, the material is great and like I said, the color is beautiful.
This was a great price on the Elegant Baby outfit-at around $26.
Retails at upwards of $50 usually!
The socks are great, let alone the entire outfit.
The is best for a little girl because the socks are like little sandals.
My mistake, needed too get bball shorts.
Now they are out of his size in the color and style he needed.
I orihinally pirchased this for my mom cor indoor wear as she is always vold an suffers from arthritis.
The coat seems to be of good quality and works as advertised.
The coat is a little nig on her and does not provide as much warmth as I woild have liked as she is frail and a little undersized for the jackets construction.
The jackets heating elements should press against uour body xor best results.
Still, it receives almost daily wear an has become her 'go to' top layer.
Great shirt, definitely helps wick sweat away from the skin.
I'm big chested so I ordered the large & glad that I did, it's form fitting but not too tight.
The color of the shirt was lighter than I thought it was going to be.
I don't know if it's just my phone but the color in the picture looks darker than the actual color of the shirt... just a side note.
:) Overall I'm very happy with it!
Misleaded by the picture, I though it was a great buy the 3 pieces.
The box had only the shirt and skirt.
Both of them are nice and seem good quality, BUT on the picture there were leggings as well and those do not come with the set.
Of course I didn't know that until I got the box.
Dissapointed.
As expected, nice shirts, fit well and most importantly, wash well.
I would buy these again for my 4 year old son.
A gift for my wife... or was it a gift for me?
God bless the genius behind the behind of a woman in a yoga pant
My daughter.
Loves this outfit and so do I.
The fit is perfect; and looks adorable.
On her thank you
The shirt was petfect.
Quality was excellent, design on shirt was clear & colors were solid.
The xlarge was a good fit, im 6ft 185.
Would highly recommend, unless if you are a troll of course.
The wraparound towels I have used for many years were falling apart.
After checking other sites with towels costing a fraction of this price, I decided to go for the gold.
That sure was the right decision because this is a perfect example of "getting what you pay for".
These towels are luxuriously thick and beautiful, big enough for privacy, comfortable and easy to wear.
I bought 3 in different colors; they wash up beautifully and I use them every single day.
I am 100% happy with the towels and with the service from this company and would gladly recommend to others.
Love this set.Very soft,comfortable.Got it for my 1-year old,but it is a little big and loose on the waist.Would highly recommend it.
I bought these for my husband, he wore them for two days of skiing in February and was very happy with them.
They kept him dry and he wore them with long johns under, this was a perfect combination.
His only complaint was that they were big in the waist and he couldn't actually adjust them tight enough (the adjustable straps don't do much, they are just velcro)he is a 34/36 waist in jeans, so maybe he needed a medium.
It was fine the second day though because he wore a belt with them, they do have belt loops which is nice.Overall they do what you need them to do.
I don't feel the fabric was as high quality as my more expensive ski pants, but for $30 these are priced perfectly, and will keep you dry.
Un buen conjunto, la chaqueta muy abrigadora, lo recomiendo, por el valor que se pago es como si solo se hubiese comprado una sola pieza.
When they arrived they were a little longer, I like the color and the fit is good.Material is soft and are definitely great for lounging.
I was looking for a size 6 - 8 to replace the ones my son already has, but these are much bigger.
They are very nice sweatpants, he will just have to grow into them.
These jeans are a perfect fit.
My favorite pair.
Allow enough move room for the upper legs, but keep backs of pant legs from dragging around the ankles.
Seemingly durable, attractive material.
I was VERY disappointed in the quality of the fabric.
Not famliar with brand but I expected that since suggested retail price was $39.99 then the fabric would have been decent.
The shirt is okay but I fear that the shorts won't withstand many washings.
Would definitely not recommend anyone pay $20 for such inferior fabric.
I really liked the outfit, but unfortunately I purchased the wrong size...the little one experience more of growth spirt than I imagined.
This stuff works.
With an added layer of chaps when it is 30 or below, but they otherwise keep you warm enough.
And, I use the product to ride my HD during SE MA cold.
What is there to put in here?!
We all have had white t-shirts!
This particular brand always fits as expected!
A good quality shirt for cheap.
The shirt is adorable, but the pants don't really match the shirt.
I should have looked more closely before purchasing.
She will still wear them, just not together.
Length is slightly TOO long, feels snug around waist and the fabric is not acceptable for my Man!
Other brand we got is better suited to us.
i look very cute in this but its too see through i might as well sleep with nothing onthats how it feels but still looks cute
They are comfortable, though I take a 36 waist, normally.
Look great with boots.Fairly light weight denim adds to the comfort
These slacks are fine quality and fit very well.
I was skeptical about buying fine clothes online.Geoffrey Beene name put my concerns to rest.
This is the second pair of Lounge Pants I ordered and they are so amazing.
I feel like I'm wearing pajama's and they make my legs look GREAT.
The bag itself is well made.
The zippers work property.
Plenty big for wallet, cell phone, check book, and keys.
The onlynegative is the shoulder strap.
It is made from a small diameter cord and digs into my neck or shoulder depending on how I wear it.I had to take the cord off the bag and double it , then reattach to bag to create a larger diameter cord.
It is better but stilluncomfortable.
if you are a wool person, you will love this.
it is lightweight, meant to be a first layer, thin.
perfect for active sports in winter/fall.
These Jammie's are adorable on my daughter.
She says they are very comfortable.
They wash great and hold the color.
I liked the product, but it came in a different color than was ordered.
Also the seam on the neck started tonfrayafter the first wash.
,I found It to fit me right compared to other similar jeans.I love it, love it, love it, love it.
This is the fourth different brand of flannel lined jeans I've tried and the only ones I'm keeping.
They do fit below the waist which I not only prefer, but require in jeans due to being short.
That being said they fit well through the hip/thighs, but I guess after years of wearing narrower leg jeans these wide legs will take some getting used to.
They fit (with lots of extra room) over my biggest bulky boots and look huge on my thinner boots/tennis shoes.
They are warm though and that is the biggest plus.
I will get plenty of use out of them during the winter.
These Gloves Keep Your Hands And Fingers Warm As Toast.
I Used Them This Past Season For Ice Racing And Was Very Pleased By The Looks And Quality Of The Leather In Addition To The Warmth Factor.
I recently bought 3 pairs of these pants, and I really like them.
They're comfortable, and seem decently made.
They are rather thin, which makes me think that they are more of a summer pair of lounge pants, but they aren't too thin to see through.
I usually wear a large, but upon seeing the way that these were made, I believed that a medium would be a good fit.
I'm glad to say that I was right.
For those who normally wear tall/long, these may fall short of the desired mark.
I have long legs (32 1/2&#34; inseam), and tend to have problems with pants of this sort being too short.
These are a perfect length (pre-wash).
They are made in such a way that if I'd gotten the large, they would've been too loose for my comfort.
These pants also look nice enough to wear while running errands, but comfortable enough for trips.
I rate these a 4 instead of 5 because I would have liked the pants better if they weren't so low rise when folded over.
Other than that they are nice pants, and I'd recommend them to anyone.
My first UA polo and not my last, I really like the comfort and style.
They go with me on cruises, tours and around the house.
These are a nice, thin pair of pants.
They have spandex, but not to much.
They have a &#34;give&#34;, while not being too tight.
The fabric is on the thin side, but great for the upcoming warm weather workouts.
I bought this vest for my oldest son for our wedding.
The vest is a lot nicer in person than it is in the picture and the fit was dead on.
The only thing is we got him a different tie to break up the vest a little bit.
They fit perfectly!
I am so happy with how they look and feel.
I only wish they hadn't piled so quickly between the legs.
Otherwise, I will probably be ordering more in other colors.
These are great socks.
My feet swell sometimes when I'm sitting at my PC.
These socks are very soft and stretch so there easy to put on over my feet.
This is the 2nd time I've purchased these.
They are worth the price.
My 2 daughters (ages 8 and 4) were so excited when their HoodiePets arrived today!
They could not wait to open the box and immediately wore them the rest of the night.
The 8 year old even slept in hers.
They are very cute, come in great colors and are incredibly cozy.
I will buy them in the future for gifts too!
These fit about as I'd expect.
One leg fits tighter in the calf area than the other, but that might be my legs and not the pants.
I am curvy and they just wont stay on my hips.
Very disappointed now I have 2 pairs I can never really wear.
Probably good for straight legs.
Beware if you have hips.
I thought it was adorable.
I was a little surprised at how thin the material felt.
The main point is my granddaughter loved it!
I never saw the option to choose size and color so I got a nude one in a size 2x but it works great.
I am pretty small because the other butt pad I have is a medium and the 2x is still tight it just comes up to high but I still love how natural and full it makes my butt look.
This item is as expected and functions well, but paying nearly $40 to have it shipped "express courier" and getting it delivered two months later is absolutely ridiculous.
I'll be spending my money in Canada from now on!
I've been looking for a slimmer fitting jean with tappered leg openings and they are hard to find for adults.
Just because I wear a 38x32 doesn't mean I should be stuck with huge clown pants and flared legs.
My waist is around a 37-38 or so...not my ankles!
I'm 6 feet tall and my legs are not big and thick either although my thighs are pretty muscular...chicken legs on down from there lol.
These jeans are awesome!
I got the darker colored pair Big Sir.
The minute I put them on my partner said it looked like I lost 20 lbs.
The quality is very nice too.
They seem like a tough jean that should last.
I haven't washed them yet but I won't be putting them in the dryer for more than 5 minutes for now...don't wanna end up like Phil on Modern Family lol!
I would have given them 5 stars but the back of the waist band sticks out a bit and they come up a little higher in the front than expexted.
Nothing a belt can't handle.
So bigger guys try them out!
You won't look like a kid in skinny jeans!
Update...fortunately I hadn't had the chance to wear them and didn't pull off the tags.
They gotta go back...lost a few more pounds and they are now too big lol!
I'll try for a 36.
;-)
My little great grandson was forever loosing his mittens in the snow.
These mittens are the perfect answer for the problem.
Thank you
I bought these tees for my 9yr old granddaughter for Christmas.
I love that they are pastels so she won't fight with her brother over whose tees are whose.
This outfit is very cute.
I also love that it is long sleeved and warm.The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the picture advertises it a little different than it actually looks.I was under the impression that it was a dress...it's really not.
It is slightly longer than a shirt but it is definetly not a dress.VERY CUTE THOUGH.
I WOULD RECOMMEND.
:)
It doesn't overheat indoor, and helps keeping you warm even in a windy winter day.
But if you have premature perspiration problem, or just entered situation, you still will sweat just like in anything else.
Yet it gets you dry just as quick.
Base 3.0 is good base layer under temperature of 20 through 35 Fahrenheit.
If I could I would buy 1000 of these jeggings!
It is so comfortable and stretchy like I wanted!
I am very impressed because not only was it cheap but good quality like those expensive brands.
I just this so much!!!
They should make more in different colors!
I bought this item and have to say I was not totally impressed.
The price was ok,; however, the item was cheaply made.
The strap broke the first time trying it on.
for women who are slightly bigger chested I do not suggest either!
I've owned many Carhartt hats.
The more recent versions seem to run small.
They feel pretty tight.
Yes, I have a large head; but I'd prefer paying a bit more for an extra large version with a bit more give.
I would still rate the quality as excellent.
My son loves this rain coat.
Its fits just like I pictured it maybe an umbrella to go with it might not be a bad idea
i'm 5 ft 5&#34; and these pants dragged under my feet.my sister is 5ft 10&#34; and gave them to her.
they fit her properly.
she wears them all the time now.the material is extremely thin but decent.
the cut is modern and nice.i would ONLY recommend these pants for tall women.
I purchased with the intent of wearing under a pair of shorts for a Tough Mudder, but thankfully did not need them due to a warmer than expected temperature.
Overall, these wouldn't have worked anyways as they are more like an enhanced pair of long johns.
I did wear them around the house and they are great at keeping your legs warm, so I fully intend to get a lot of use of these for the upcoming ski season.
Purchased quite a few tops for my daughter I am pleased with my purchases.
One set was a bit too big but will grow into it.
I bought a pink jacket (size 10) for one of my 8 year old twins and her sister loved it so much, she asked if she could have the blue one.
They wear a size 7/8 so the 10 gives them plenty of room to grow, yet still looks good.
They go well with pants, skirts or dresses.
We just wish the hat was available in both pink and blue.
I would recommend this jacket.
I've owned this bag for almost a year and a half, and it's really durable.
Most of my bags dont last for more than a year because I handle them kind of poorly.
I use my bag for school, and despite it's size it actually holds a lot!
These are a great pair of athletic shorts.
They are for my son who is 12, he loves the length and that they are so comfortable.
Highly recommend.
Price was great and shipment came right away.
Gotta love UA gear!!!
BOUGHT FOR SON IN LAW FOR XMAS.
HE LOVED THE OVERALLS, WHEN HUNTING HE USED THE CAMO, WHEN WORKING ON THE FARM THE BROWN SIDE.
My niece Kendra loved this outfit.
It's VERY cute!
and I would highly recommend it to others.
It fit her perfectly.
They not only look good, but are very light weight and quick drying.
They also have enough pockets, which is a good thing.
They seem to be  pretty well made, and time will tell how they hold up.
On a warm day when I need or want to wear long pants instead of shorts, these are the ones I grab - they are much, much cooler than jeans.
After getting the first pair, I ordered another pair in the other color.
I must be happy with them?
We try to find this clothes everywhere but its not easy here in Venezuela.
Thanks this is an excelent product, my boy love it.
We recomend it
I'm giving these jeans 4 stars only because the sizing is off --definitely order a size down.The jeans themselves are fantastic.
Surprisingly sleek for lined jeans, they give extra warmth without being frumpy.
The lining makes it feel like I'm throwing on cozy pajamas, but keeps me far more presentable.
Rolled up at the ankle, they're extra cute, too!
I wanted some wet weather pants and these are more like a track pant material.
I was walking in the rain (misty) and they kept me dry, noticed that the rain was beading on them.comfortable style and good length
These are very thin and poorly made.
I sent them back because it seemed they'd dissolve or disintegrate if I dared subject them to even a single trip through the washing machine.
Additionally, the stitching/sewing was sparse, and the Chinese children that trim off loose threads must have been out sick the day these were made.
The quality of this looks very good.
It is a gift for my 4 year old niece, who I think will love it.
It is a nice size and appears very sturdy.
Cause it fits perfectly.
Thank you.im sure to continue shopping with you.please update me with your best deals.thank you agaon
im now 8 months pregnant and i wear these pants all the time they are so comfy i really like them because unlike maternity pants you can stick the band under your tummy traditional maternity pants make my tummy hot and ichy
yes to these tee shirts.
.
they fit well, and wash great.
.
we always buy this make.
.
highly recomended.
we will buy more of these.
Jeans look great for this grannie.
They fit great and are a good color for this holiday season.
Quality appears to be good as well.
The quality of design and colors and fabric is perfect.
A perfect dress for my grandaughter to wear for the Christmas Season.
My daughter-in-law loved it too
Love um...that's all I can say....I want more!
excellent fit style and quality....its my new fit Regular Taper is the way to go...great with converse all-stars or with some high top Jordan's...you cant go wrong
Fun, funky and fashionable!
This purse gets and A+ for personality.
It is great looking in person, well made and fits my funky personality.
I love purses and this little gem is a welcome addition to my collection.
This vest has so many great features.
The ruffle down the front, light weight, pockets, small circle print barley visible and the fit is perfect.
If it was not so expensive I would buy the silver one!I am 5'5, 33/34 chest, 116 and usually wear xs/s tops.
I bought this in an xs which is perfect but might order a small only because when sitting down the bottom has not give and a small would allow for a little extra room.
If it had a double zipper it would be a great improvement and I would stick with the xs.anyway happy and love this vest.
I purchased this for my 80 something father.
The velco is easy and secure, but it collects quite a bit of lint over time.
The quality is good and it is easily adjustable as my dad gains and loses weight.
the front rise is too long, i ussualy wear 30x30, but the waist is too big so it sits bellow my hips!
almost at my butt.
if feel they are falling all the time.the quality, so poor, delicated, too soft, may scratch at any time.
not the original levi's quality.
Exactly what I was looking for!
I wanted something I could throw in my bag but be able to just grab on its own for quick trips.
This is perfect...it has card slots, a change purse, room for cash and it fits my iPhone perfectly.
The material is soft and the zippers seem durable.
I didn't know this thing was so sparkly until I got it in my hands.
I was like "Oh my God".
It's a good thing I intended it for a little girl who likes sparkly things so she didn't mind at all.
It seems like it was made well and such but if you do not want all the glitter on the legging then you should not buy it.
Also, this is a thick legging so if you live in a hot place, buy something else.
I thought it would be bigger than it was so I don't use it very much but I do love the design on it
My Good friend was thrilled when she got this she always says you find me the best Sock Monkey stuff
Nice dark gray color.
Fabric it light and soft.
has good elasticity probably should have bought a small but im sure they will shrink to perfect size  after washing.
These are the 4th pair of this style of Levi's I've bought all in the same size.
All have fit perfectly except these, which are a little too tight and are rather stiff.
Hopefully will stretch and soften up, but has already been a little while so not holding my breath.
I have ordered several of these little purses and reviewed them, so... what more can I say?
They are great, reasonable price, nice quality and shipping is free and so prompt.
Probably will end up ordering all the colors.
Really enjoy mine!
I find that these jeans can be very stylish.
They certainly stand out, though they could blend a little like the Rock Revival JEANS - Johanna T25 Straight Leg Fleur Flap Pocket Jeans In Medium Wash.(Granted that is just a nitpick).
The jeans are quite comfortable, fitting in the all the right places.
I think that if you are looking for a pair of jeans that will help you stand out, then this pair should certainly be able to help.
They are nothing special.
They are exactly what I was looking for and I got exactly what I expected.
So all and all it was a good buy.
My 5 year old granddaughter looked so cute in these pajamas on Christmas morning!
Very nice quality and shipped quickly.
Never can tell from a picture but this outfit is even cuterthan expected.
The jacket is adorable and can't wait to seemy grandson wearing it.Could not believe how fast it shipped.
Seems like I orderedit from Amazon and it was delivered.
I would highly recommendthis for anyone who has a Thomas The Train fan.
Details as well as the Material is high quality, I will admit I was skeptical to buy at first mainly due to the price but after receiving the coin bag I was extremely happy with my purchase
OMG!!!
I have found that Levi's jeans sizing is all over the place, but this is the worst mistake of all!
I ordered the men's 508's in size 29/32 in the Costas Light wash.
The jeans I got aren't 508's, aren't 100% cotton, and the 29/32's have a 33" waist.
Suffice it to say that they are too big for me.
I doubt that the 28's would have fit me had they been available.
Also, the tag says that they are style 521 - not 508 - but I have a pair of 521's in Tandem -size 29/32 and they fit perfectly.
The tag on the ones I got today says style 521 Slim Taper, what a joke!!
Even the paper work says style 508, but they are not cut like the 521's I already have.
I know that Levi's sizing is very inconsistent, but these are so big that they don't even make a size that would fit me in the style and wash jeans I got today.
If I order a really stiff heavy weight denim wash in Levi's, I can even wear a size 30 - which usually measures only 28" around the waist.
I am sick and tired of guessing how a pair of Levi's are going to fit.
I didn't notice that they were the wrong style and I washed them in HOT water thinking that they would shrink.
The Costas Light wash has tons of stretch - and the listing says that they are 100% cotton.
NOT!
Even though I have taken off the tags - which I still have, I am going to insist that Amazon take them back and either send me a pair that fits or refund my money.
I paid over $50.00 for these jeans!
This is ridiculous.
They are the wrong style, the wrong denim blend, and the size isn't even close.
I am so angry that I will never buy anything from Amazon again unless they make this right.
If you want the 508's -(they don't have the 521's anymore) order at least 2 sizes small.
I realize that Levi's is somewhat to blame because when I go to a store that sells Levi's - I have to try on several different sizes and there is no consistency.
I recently got a pair of 29/30 -style 513 in the mail and they only measure about 26" around the waist.
They went back too.
The jeans today aren't even close and Amazon sent me the wrong style.
I am wondering if they are even authentic.
I would love to have a pair of these that fit but they would need to come in a 26/32 and I don't think that they ever were made that size.
I certainly have never seen that size available.
I would stay away from the 508's because they are tagged as 521'a but they are not cut like 521's - which I have.
Brrrrrrrr!My next step is to contact Amazon and see to it that they make this right.Beware of these jeans and order at your own peril!
I love this night gown!
It's a light weight cotton, great for a hot summers night.
Very comfortable.
Remember to hang it to dry.
These are very good quality clothes.
Thick and heavy.
They will last a very long time.
Do not hesitate to buy!
do not buy.
shrinks after one wash.
have not had this experience with other yoga pants ive bought.
horrible.
material  also feels weird.
very pleased with the quality of this product.
Very nice pattern and understated so a man can use without being too embarrassed
I love Icebreaker in all items of clothing, and this is no exception.
The back part of the sock is higher than what you see on the picture, which will protect the top part of your heel rubbing against your shoe.
Icebreaker never comes in pure white(I suppose they don't want to overly bleach the wool, which is fine by me), so the &#34;White&#34; is actually an off-white/light cream colour.
As with all Icebreakers, it takes a lot of uses before it starts to smell and dries quickly.
Unlike the 'Run' socks, these is no thicker parts to the sock, but just all the same.
I would recommend this for all forms of exercise.
Another great Icebreaker item - the fit is good(i wear size 7 or 7 and a half, depending on the make, and this small fits perfectly)and even in hot weather, it really does takes a number of wears before it starts to 'smell'.
Perfect size and shapes for kids.
Sturdy, better than I expected.
I got the butterfly and cupcake.
The girls loved them
As advertised, it's an 8 pack of white T shirts.
Can't complain there.
However they are too thin to wear alone.
I wore one today and just from a couple of hours of carrying a shoulder bag the T shirt has pilled all along one side in an unsightly way.
As an undershirt they might be fine but not they're not tough enough to wear by themselves.
Nothing fancy, just a pair of sweatpants which is what we ordered.
Again, another beautiful product from Ferrecci, this white tuxedo caters to those with a stylish taste, merging quality, style and grace together.
Its soft fabric and superior cut make this white tuxedo a beautiful choice for anyone looking to impress.
An exceptional product with a flawless cut.
It includes a free garment bag which is nice for my boy, it makes him feel like he is wearing a real suit, as well as a free tie and includes a beautiful vest.
I am very pleased with the product, Ferrecci is the best when it comes to boys clothing!
ALWAYS RECOMMENDED!
This product is not even worth the amount of metal recycling in the battery.
Buyer be aware-- VentureHeat only allows 30 days for returns.
In my case, I received a faulty battery that did not hold a connection.
By the time that I figured it out and requested a new battery (which they did send quickly), received the battery and then tested the product, 60 days had passed;  "Sorry sir, there is nothing that we can do after the 30 days".
Keep searching for a quality heated clothing because you won't find it in this product.
The product appears great but had to send it back (Thanks Amazon for the great return ability!)
.
The &#34;2-6X&#34; implied to me that the outfit was one size fits 2-6X; &#34;4&#34; meant nothing to me (I'm a guy so maybe everyone realizes this meant size 4 but not me).
So, my Granddaughter wears a size 5 and this was really a size 4.
It was supposed to be a Christmas present so I had to return it.
Amazon had no size 5 or 6 available.
Normally wear a size 8 but the waist is slightly loose so I have always bought prana pants in a size 6.
I have these Halle pants and a pair of Essex pants.
They're comfortable to wear about the house.
The fabric is somewhat thin and the pants run kinda long.
I'm 5'7&#34; and they're still kinda long on me.
I bought these prAna pants for my 22 year-old daughter, who had requested them for her birthday.
She says they fit perfectly, and are the best pants she owns.
Nicer than jeans and can be worn everywhere.
They wash and dry easily.Expensive, but worth it!
Used the crew top on a recent snowboarding trip to Tahoe in 20 degree weather.
I only wore the crew top and my jacket.
The crew top did a great job of keeping me warm.
I ordered this dress along with this oneOne-size-fits-all Tube Dress/Coverup - Black Floral Print, intending to use both as beach cover-ups.
The plain white one is a flattering beach cover-up but I would not wear it anywhere else.
I am more thrilled with the black and white floral which I plan to wear off the beach as well.
Pretty purse and good quality.
.... .... ... .... ... ... Was a nice gift for a three year old girl
My son is very tall and a big man in general.
Still he wanted to wear the 'slim look'.
these were perfect as they have a higher rise than other slim cuts and come down more narrow at the ankle than his others.
They are his favorite pare of jeans now.
Will order another couple of pairs in different colors  now that I know he really likes them.
I HAVE read that different shades fit a little differently and the fabric can be different.
I have two other pairs in colored canvas.
I normally wear 32 x 32 but for whatever reason the Rigid Envy runs a bit large(perhaps it shrinks more?)
.
I ended up getting 31 x 32 and it fit like the others.
These little socks are so soft and comfortable that I must buy more.
They are just the right height for short socks, stopping at the ankles, and I don't even mind that they show when I cross my legs.
The argyle pattern is very cute and conservative, making for a nice contrast to my animal patterned Birkentock clogs.
The size Small fits my 7.5 shoe filling feet perfectly and they are neither snug around the top nor droopy even after a very long day.
My socks are white with seafoam and yellow, having barely visible gray lines accentuate the pattern.
I've worn them at night after applying moisturizer to my feet and they are absolutely wonderful.
This is the first of 4 pairs of Lorpen socks I've purchased and I'm eager to wear the others and review them soon.
If they are almost as comfortable, attractive and wearing as this pair, I'll be thrilled.
Amazon's price on Lorpen socks right now is superb and I hope I haven't inspired too many to make the purchase or when I am ready to buy more, they'll be unavailable.
I like them.
They fit well, wash well and don't feel like the &#34;tight&#34; skinny jeans.
They are a bit roomy and the size is true.
These looked cheap but fit and feel great.
Keep there shape even after hours of wear.
Can't find the same thing anywhere else.
I have looked locally and found nothing similar or with the same quality.
Luckily i also ordered an additional pair in blue.
Would order again.
This sport bra, fitted perfectly and was what I was expecting in terms of support.
This is the second Halo sleep sac I bought.
Loved the first one so I came back to get another.
The fleece is very soft.
And the top-to-bottom zipper makes diaper changes easy especially during the night when you want to do it as fast as you can.
This set smells, the shirt came discolored, I really do not like at all.
Don't buy it, and the brand name is Carter's WW???
Nicely packaged and arrived in less time than expected.
My nephew looked very handsome in it for Christmas pictures with his sister.
3 year old enjoys jacket.
Haven't tried pants, saving those to winter.
Thought the decals could have been sewn on better.
We bought a top and bottom.
He wears them all over the house, like lounge wear.
They are also great as layers.
Keep my son very warm.
They wash well, are very comfortable and warm.
These are very cute and soft.
They fit great and were a big hit.
My grand-daughter loved them.
I will be looking for some more styles next Christmas.
Very nice belt.
Use it in both casual and business casual settings.
Was afraid fabric on edges would fray, but in spite of constant on and off of cell phone holster, no wear has shown.
Would highly recommend.
fits him well!
Just as expected I would recommend this product to friends if they were looking for such an item
I typically wear a size 12 but these were made for a size 7 at most.
Large in jr in not what I expected, I gave both pair to my daughter.
I was unaware that 508s even existed until just before I bought these.
Now that I have them I can see myself buying 508s exclusively for the foreseeable future.
Essentially these are skinny jeans for guys of the huskier variety.
If you're anything like me (medium to large sized waist but normal sized legs), these are pretty much perfect if you're wanting a skinny-fitting look that can actually fit your large, disgusting body.
I can fit into 36 waist 508s perfectly.
If I dare to venture into 511 (Skinny) territory, I have to go up to 38, and even then they're REALLY tight and look and feel ridiculous.
(To my knowledge, 511s aren't even available above the 38 waist size.)
I am kinda between 36 and 38 when wearing 514s (Slim Straight), which was my fit of choice until I found 508s.
In other words, I would recommend going to a department store and trying on some 508s before ordering any here.
The fit is unique all around, so you'd be advised to find your size first.
I'm going to keep it- but it's hot on the arms- there's a vent in the back but none under the arms and they're going to feel sticky when it's humid.
I may try to punch my own holes if it is unbearable in summer.
I also HATE the velcro.
The entire storm flap is secured by velcro patches, which make doing up the zipper a pain.
The fabric feels cheap, like it may tear.
But it looks and fits good, is super lightweight, the hood has good coverage, and it's really waterproof with taped seams and useful pockets, including a good size interior one that will stay dry.
For the price, what I need in a packable emergency jacket.
didn't have the great seam work as other Lee pants I have bought in stores.
Size was way off and the fabric below grade
It fit better than I thought it would.
Not too loose or tight, but a nice slim fit.
I am a woman and this is my first pair of mens trousers....i will buy more
My daughter is a sock monkey fanatic and she loves this.
It is well-made, very cute, easy-to-use and a enjoy to look at.
This was a good gift, and I recommend it.
This gown is simple in design but beautiful in style.
It is comfortable, well made and evokes a sense of old-fashioned grace.
Wish I could find a robe to match.
I am very happy with my purchase.
This shirt is a beautiful color and nice quality.
Washes nicely Thank you
These fit so good and are so comfortable.
I loved the black so much that i ordered the blue too.
At 8 months the size I would wear prepregnancy fits well, good length too (I'm tall), I know they will be great after pregnancy too.
the sleep sack is great!
Just what I needed.
My son loves it and he is safe wearing it when he sleeps.
love it, its comfy and the decal is awesome, nice and big and strong writing.
the sleeves are a little tight on the wrists but thats ok with me.
i had brought this to my boyfriend/father of my kids.
one day i decided to wear it because it took him "time to wear it".
it fit perfect.
And wen he wore it he looked sexy.
SUPER WARM!
Just received my order of the heather grey pants in small and i'm so happy with the quality and fit!!
I was a little worried that the small would be too short (i'm 5'8 currently 140lbs) but they're perfect!!
I am 2 months pregnant and these will be perfect throughout my pregnancy.
I will definitely be ordering more colors.
it is really cute and pretty.
Let's hope my friend's daughter will like it when she opens up her present!
Just bought what I expected, simple soft whit tshirt to go to bed or stay at home.
They are accurate with the size too.
These are my daughter's (and mine!)
absolute favorite things to wear under skirts, dresses, as pajamas, under her basket ball shorts in the winter....
they are the best quality and worth the extra cost of regular leggings .
I have learned this the hard way... I have had to throw out ripped, faded, stretched out leggings three times over and finally I decided to invest in a few pairs of knickerbockers.
I have since purchased a few more more long and short as well.
I do think they run a bit small, and since they last so long I order a size up.
My grandson was thrilled to receive this birthday gift.
He proudly wore it to pre-school and smilled all day.
Perfect combination of a nice outfit and a Thomas The Train item.
I was so please with this purchased.
It is so cute and my granddaughter will look so cute in this.
This is a wonderful outfit just when the weather will start to change.
I really like the bottoms with the flip flops on the top, the material strechty which makes the fit very comfortable.
The price for this outfit is wonderful.
Price is nice, acceptable quality.
My boy liked very much.
Fits good but almost fits like elastic pants all around.
Like I imagine women's &#34;stretchy pants&#34; fit.
Strange but i kinda like it
Bought this for my Niece and she loved it.
the color and quality is great.
The Size fit her perfect as well.
I ordered this in the size 16 as that's my normal dress size.
I couldn't get it one even after I completly unlaced it so I had to return it.
that being said it's very well made and just like the picture.
the corset is one of the stiffer one's I've ever worn so once I get the right size it should give some great shaping.
It only gets 4 stars because of the sizing.
I've worn corsets nearly every halloween and never had one fit this small.
so plan acordingly when you order yours which I suggest you do.
Seems to be very good quality.
Fits well.
Washed good (minimal if any shrinkage).
I would say it looks a little more orange in person.
The belt is a ribbon belt.
Came quickly and is very functional.
I love it, not much more one can say.
I'd give it 5 but doesn't seem to be colorfast, and something I bumped into discolored it slightly.
Great baselayer for cool to cold days.
Blocks all wind.
Haven't worn out in really cold temps yet.
I plan on buying another 3.0 shirt and pants which were great as well.
This jacket is terrific.
It is very light weight, yet warm with the cotton lining.
The nylon lined sleeves make it easier to put on and off.
I like the drawstring to pull it tight in windy weather.It is also slightly water resistant in a light shower.
I ordered this vest and recieved it.
It is very cute mind you if your going to order it consider ordering a size larger, I ordered a medium and it's extremely small for a medium.
As much as i loved the material, I will be sending them back, I thought I ordered petite, these were not they were so long good for a 6ft woman
Gave our 3 year old confidence to improve her swimming.
The more she swam, the better she got.Big hit!
I wear levis 501 W30.
I ordered a W31 for this one but it is still somewhat small.
A little bit thick too.
I wanted to send my girl with with something under her pretty dresses that was not hot and still cute, you got it all right here, they come in all kinds of colors!!
I love them!!
I now own three pair of these jeans and they are great, comfortable and stylish.
I took the advice of others and ordered a size smaller than I normally wear and they fit perfect.
I am in my 60's and definitely past the stage of the low rise jean.
These jeans fit well at the waist with no gap at the back and in no way look like "mom" jeans.
This was a gift for my monkey-loving daughter!
She doesn't use it, but put it with her other monkey items in her collection!
I really liked these when I wore them a couple times and then noticed a giant hole in them.
The material does not hold up at all with the littlest use.
These pants are perfect for just about anything you need to do from running around town or just lounging around the house.
I actually wear these as leggings underneath dresses and skirts.
They're awesome and keep everything sucked in and smooth looking without being uncomfortable.
Definitely worth the extra money.
I have trouble with one size fits all.
My head is bigger than average; just ask my wife.
Carhartt hats are usually an average fit, but this one is larger and fits me better.
Strips look good.
I have not yet worn or washed these.
The fabric is much thinner than most yoga pants.
I really like the fit and the color.
A bit long for me, but that is typical.
I bought this for my 3 year old.
She looked so cute in it once, then I through it into the washer/dryer and then it came out a wrinkled mess.
I don't have time to iron so my daughter hasn't worn it since.
Great quality shirt , perfect for hot weather, fit is loose which I do l like and you have pretty of choices for colors.
I returned this nightgown for a refund immediately and my account was quickly refunded hassle free -thus the extra star.Compliments to the photographer who made this look like a $60.00 gown.
In reality the fabric is a gauzy muslin cheesecloth weave that in no way deserves the price tag- not even half price!
Very cheap look and feel- something you could buy at a swap meet for $15.00.
Also it fit like a shapeless sack.
I am baffled by the positive reviews they must have received a different product.
Very comfortable stays in place even while doing shoulder or head stance.
Washes well and has not lost it's fit
These are like the 521, which are now discontinued.
When I was at the Levis' store recently, the store manager told me the that the 508 and the 521 are the same and that Levis had just changed the number.
I don't know if I believe him but the 508 I ordered seem to fit pretty much the same as the 521's I have.
The waist seems like it might be a little lower but I might be imagining it.
Either way, I loved the 521 and these 508 are basically the same or as close as you're going to get.
Bought this for my grand daughter to wear to camp.
Fits perfectly and the shorts was just suited for camp.
Just adorable.
Arrived in great condition and fits perfectly in the spot where it was needed in my half bath.
I'm very happy with it and would recommend it to all my family and friends.
Good buy.
Great quality.
Bought these to replace my Tifosi Podium.
These are more expensive but I think they are worth it.
They are very lightweight and the lens is fantastic.
It darkens and lightens very quickly for superior vision on the the trails.
They never fog, which has been a problem for me with other sunglasses.
My only slight complaint is that sometimes with the helmet on, on long rides, the temple feels a little tight or uncomfortable and needs to be adjusted over the helmet straps.
Other than that, best trail glasses I've had.
Very cute outfit, the 4T fits my 4 year old perfectly.
Just put an undershirt with it as I could see it being a little itchy without an undershirt, otherwise, no complaints!
I ordered this product thinking i would be able to run during mid day with them on.
Much to my disappointment i cant.
The lenses are to clear for the hot desert sun.
I'm deployed and wanted something different, but i should've ordered another color lens.
This is a nice little case to keep the Jay Jay wooden characters in.
It offers them some protection as it is slightly padded.
And makes the characters portable as well.
The only problem is that it only holds 9 characters which is what they originally came out with.
But they now have several more characters (who my son has never heard of).
So you either need to purchase a second case to hold them all or be sure not to show your child the newest videos so that they are unaware of the new charactes.
My son likes the Jay Jay characters even more than he does his Thomas wooden trains.
Pleasantly surprised at the quality of the beanie, so much that I bought a total of 3 in different designs.
If you compare this to other more expensive beanies, the Carhartt is longer than the standard 9" beanie.
It is not a long beanie because the brim cannot be flipped down unless you cut the threading holding it place.
For those complaining that their beanies do not cover their ears completely, this one does.
Great job Carhartt!!
Now, lower the prices of your jackets for those that like the look and quality.updated on 07 DEC 11:  Amazon raised the prices of these beanies to $11.00 after I purchased 3 (three) for $12.00.
Place this item on your wish list and buy as many as you can when the price drops again.
My mother purchased this for my nephew to keep his money in.
He always has it with him, which is a plus.
He seems to like it ok enough.
The wallet seems to be pretty durable as he hasn't torn it or none of the characters on it have faded.
Even though this is a tiny purse, it's great for putting in &#34;fancy&#34; nighttime purses.
I have begun to collect all things involving Sock Monkeys!
The description of this pants clearly states that it is high rise regular fit.
It actually came at least 3 inches below the waist.
Is this now what regular fit means?
I was so disappointed in this product though I did like the fabric.
This babydoll is super small .
It does not stretch and it's cheaply made .
It's like made out of mosquito netting or something .
VERY delicate material .
It would probably not survive a wash and dry .
It probably wouldn't even survive one night of sleeping in it .
I'd wear it for photoshoot or something around the nature (if it fit me) .
You got thicker.
It feels like I'm wearing a shirt around the house;It's even a little warm.
Maybe because it is new, only washed once,or I'm just use to thinner.I have to get the whites to see if they are the same.The medium fits me like it was designed for me.Yeah, that might mean a little snug (not tight) but also means no floppy bottom.I'm 5'8", 165lbs., 34 waist, 36 chest.The length is long enough to make sure it doesn'tpop out of my trousers when I sit down.update,the whites are the same except for extra thick seamacross shoulder and around underarm; A plus I guess.Tag is not printed on but extra material stamped in place.
I bought a pair of these for my wife, along with a couple of other similar pairs.
They are really comfortable and she loves them.
There are very few days where she will not be wearing one of them.
So cute!
Love it
These sleep sacs are the best.
They are must have for newborns up to toddlers!
I feel that the babies stay warm and cozy all year long.
These are my favorite new jeans.
If it was not for the 508's I would never buy Levi's.
I own 3 pairs and love them all.
Fit is great!
I like everything about this product.
The price, fit and comfort can't be beat.
I am so pleased with my purchase.
So cute!
My two year old loves it so much.
Well made and decent size.
Love all Stephen Joseph products.
There isn't much to say, it's a plain black sarong.
Of course it's comfortable.
Great for walking around the pool.
VERY WARM AND VERY COMFY.
I WORK OUTSIDE IN THE WINTER AND WEARING THESE AS A BASE LAYER MAKES ALL THE DIFFERENCE IN THE WORLD.
VERY warm.
good for those who get cold easily.
Just beware that they run big.
My Little Princess Is My Only Niece & We Wanted To Get Her A Gift Just To Get Her A Gift.
We Were Debating What To Her.
We Looking About In The Clothes Section & We Came Upon This Item.
Will, We Evaluated The Styles We Liked & The Fit Was Hard To Choose Because He Had Just Turned 4 years.
The Order Came & When My Brother-In-Law Put It On Her It Fit Her Perfect.
The Shorts Were Not Sagging or Slipping Off Her Tush Nor Was It To Tight That She Gets A Wedg-y.
The Shirts The Same.
Perfect Fit.
This Is Perfect For The Summer & Spring.
They Look Like Little Spring/Summer Princesses.
Beautiful Clothes :)
Bought this for my 10 year old daughter for her Christmas dress - she absolutely loved it!very good quality - I love Bonnie Jean dresses!
they sell many styles but nothing that is inapropriate for this age group (as how some of them are)
The pants seem to be well made, but the crotch is extremely long and the side pockets are very shallow.
If you like the crotch of your pants halfway to your knees, these are for you.
The waist is also a bit large.
I thought this would be the right size, but it is huge on me.
I have a size 36 waist for jeans, and this size was so big the Velcro wrapped around my hip instead of my stomach.Nice fabric and good quality but way too big.
I ordered this shirt in Eco Light Blue.
A day or two later, I received a very polite phone call from a lady who was concerned because there were no more Eco Light Blues in my size.
She apologized and offered other colors that I might like, and was just very sweet, apologetic, and professional about the whole thing.
I asked for Eco-Navy instead, and it arrived promptly just a few business days later.
I definitely like it every bit as much as I would have liked the lighter blue, in fact I think the color is just lovely!
When I tried it on I fell in love!
It's so incredibly soft inside, and it slouches just perfectly.
Very comfortable, cozy, and flattering!
There was one strange strap across the back shoulders, similar to the straps on dresses to hold them onto hangers.
It showed when I had the shirt on, so I simply snipped it off.
I'd definitely order more of these, and I'd recommend them to friends.
Love it!
These pants are awesome.
Finding pants that fit can be hard but these guys had them in stock.
.
Great selection.
Cute outfit, my daughter loved it!
My only problem was the tight were a bit too small for size 6x.
My dauthter did wear it even though it was a bit tight on her, so I don't see it has something she will have multifple wear of.
Both my granddaughter and her baby doll look so cute in these matching outfits.
Very true to size, including the doll's.
I will definitely buy more of these matching outfits from this company.
I wear mine to work now and my boss can't tell the difference with a long shirt and sweater, so comfy and they fit perfect.
I can wear them with heels and they still work perfect for business casual.
This dress is a little large for the size.
I bought it a few sizes to small for my daughter because she's smaller and it still didn't fit right.
Its very cute and constructed very nicely.
Cute outfit I bought for my 3year old niece.
I like the bright colours and the material is soft.
Fits well and seems well made.
It is hard to find Elmo stuff in Australia, so I was very happy with this purchase.
This is a very cute change purse, however, you have to have tiny fingers to get your change out.
It is VERY small.
It however, does hold quite a large amount of change for it's size....you just might have to shake it like crazy to get it out.
Overall, very happy with my novelty change purse, but would not purchase again for practical use.
Purchased for grandson for Christmas.
Very fast delivery.
He loved it put it on and wore it around the house.
He can't wait to use it out in the field
We all have adidas track suits and this one is perfect!
The pink is a baby pink and very girly.
So comfy and lasts through tons of washing and drying.
The jears were to be sim,but were slim in the hip area and waist,but large cut in the upper and lower legs,for a slender cut.We had them cheerfully refunded to our account,no problem,item was returned.
Many times you second guess the purchases you make.
Not so with this wrap.
For me, it's wonderful.
Good fit, well made.
I don't have to guess if I'd buy it again - I already have.
this item was way too small, i wanted it for an 11year old.
i will like to know the size for a child this age
My son wore these for three days of skiing and after the second day noticed a hole in the front pocket.
He didn't carry anything in his pants pocket, so I assume it is a workmanship issue.As for warmth and comfort, he had no complaints.
Don't worry about getting a specific size because the one you get in the mail will be HUGE.
Waste of money
They are so perfect for me and my style.
They are also stretchy.
I have bought several 508 pants but only the black ones feel stretchy.
I wish they could make more colors of the same material they made these black ones with and id probably drop about a grand on jeans.
I have the grey ones that fit me fine but they aren't stretchy.
.
I had looked for these jeans everywhere, but wasn't able to find my size in the store.
I was happy to find them on Amazon.
Although, I had some concerns about jeans online because I couldn't try them on, I bought the size I size I always buy, and they fit perfectly.
I had been looking for the taper cut, because I'm rather tall and I think they look better.
Rigid Envy is basically unwashed, but It's not a thick denim, without any of the &#34;fake&#34; aging.
The pants came right on time.
The material was a bit thinner than I had imagined, but this makes them more flattering and comfy.
I usually wear a medium in sweats and yoga pants but the small fits perfectly, so I am glad that I listened to someone else's comment about them running a bit big.
All in all, worth it.
:)
Very good, I like it very much&#65292; looks very good on,color is also very good, also with the belt&#65292;really like it very much
This is a good value for the price, but they will still shrink a bit and will ride up on you.
The shirts need to be about four inches longer (of you risk seeing &#34;butt crack&#34;).
I am only six feet tall; anyone taller than me will be disappointed.
Looks great and is a decent quality.My son loves the idea of a rock n roll school lol.
SZ5 runs big.
I would buy again.
These are decent basic sweatpants.
I had trouble figuring out the sizes, but a large seems to be about size 14.
These are some of the best lounge/yoga pants I've yet to find.
I plan on buying more in other colorsThey have the perfect fit and the fabric is good quality
I wish I would have returned these.
The picture makes them look a lot nicer than they are.
Personally, I think they're kind of ugly.
After comparing these 508s with the 511s I decided to buy the 508s.
I have thicker thighs due to my athletic build so these have wider thigh openings.
Don't let that fool you though.
They are still plenty slim.
These fit perfectly and they look incredible.BUT, they smell terribly after opening them up the first time.
It's not a big deal and it should come out in the first wash.
I gave these purses to my twin grandaughters and they wore them for hours.
They really liked the brightly colored purses.
I was pleased with the quality.
I received them quickly, and in great condition.
I would recommend these to anyone who has a little girl.
Look, get over the macho, social driven Bull.After a shower, swimming or just something to wear on a hot day... It is a quick grab and weather you tie it or wrap it... you will get used to it.No I would not wear it to the store but a drive through maybe.As the saying goes...  Try it, you might like it!
Good quality.
Bit longer bit shrunk in laundry so it's perfect.
Not so see through like other brands.
Great product for that price.
AFTER USING IT I FEEL IT COMFORTABLE BUT I LIKE MUCH MORE THE JEANS.
FOR THE HEAT AND THIS SUMMER IT FEELS GOOD.
Camping in Florida in the winter can be surprisingly cold.
I purchased 2 Under Armour 3.0 crews.
They are perfect.
Not too hot and they breathe well.
Kept me toast warm all night long.
First ride review: rode 17 miles in 90 minutes on gravel roads and some single track with the temperature around 45 degrees and was perfectly comfortable the entire ride.
Windstopper (WS) never ceases to amaze me at how well it blocks wind yet still breathes so well.
The WS fabric is on the front, keeping the chill off the thighs and knees and the material is a bit thinner at the back of the legs, further enhancing breathability.
I imagine these tights would be comfortable from about 30-55 degrees.I'm 6', 165 lbs and found these only a little bit snug around the gut (it's a bit more comfortable with mid-section zipper open and I don't frequently wear bibs) but comfortable everywhere else after a slight adjustment to the shoulder straps.
I wear a large in most cycle clothes (particularly Gore) and sizing is what I expected.
I really like the cut and had only minimal bunching at the back of knees (which has been a problem with every other pair of tights I own).
With the bid straps, everything stays exactly where it should (at least on my 90 minute ride over rough terrain).
Keep in mind that these have no pad so plan to wear them over cycling shorts.
If you want Gore products with an integrated pad, look for the ones with + in the name.4 Month update:I've been wearing these a couple times a week on average and still love them.
I wash them on perm press cycle (warm water, inside-out) after each ride and let them hang dry - after about 30 rides they still look and feel like new.
Amazingly versatile - warm enough for below 30 rides and don't seem too warm until the temperatures rise over 60.
Still comfortable and breathable.
Wish I bought 2 more pair when these were on sale.
I love Under Armour and their moisture wicking tech.
The material is light, loose, and keeps you cool, even on those oppressively hot and humid summer days.
It can be worn in the office, or after work.
I have three different colors and looking to add more.
The girdle is okay but they need to add more styles like maybe whole bodysuit girdle.
Maybe a silicone gel type pad that feels real because these are so fake.
I have very little body fat and have difficulty staying warm while sitting in my treestand.
I use this Under Armour ColdGear as a base layer, and I'm very pleased with its performance.
my nieghbor wanted something to spice up her husband love life you can never go wrong with light blue and pink sexy cute lingerie babydoll dress and g string chemise well what can i say they loved it true to the color and the fit
These make nice sleep shirts.
Thin but soft and comfy.
Great alternative for boys who don't like regular PJs.
My son is 10 years old, small for his age and I bought size medium.
Perfect.
She loved it.
I loved it.
Sized perfect.
Worn at a family gathering and held up to a busy day of play.
Haven't yet looked at wAshing instructions.
Great price.
perfect size, as described !
light weight, and fit very good for those we have athetics legs
I love these jeans so much.
The Levi's 508 fits perfectly.
Its not too tight in the crotch and not too loose in the legs, just right.
I also love the type of material they use for the &#34;Rigid Envy&#34; jean.
I bought Hanes, Jerzees, and a higher priced brand all in youth large for my mother.
She's elderly and has difficulty dressing.
My mother is probably 4'9&#34; and 95lbs; I'm 6'0 and 190lbs.
I could wear these youth large without a problem.The other brands fit her fine.
I don't know if this was mislabeled or what, but I'm not going to buy another pair on that kind of assumption.
I like prAna products and have this top in a few colors but the white is totally see thru and does not work for public viewing.
I was disappointed that the fabric is too sheer to be appropriate for classes.
The tops run small and are fairly fitted so you should size up if in doubt.
I bought size 12 month for my 8 month daughter, they are perfectly fit and confy.
I love the quality.Now I come back to buy 2 more sets for her.
I like this top & kept it, but only because I'm hoping to fit into it by spring.
It is not sized correctly, it's much smaller.
All my other tops are large, this one is just too tight.
It's so hard to find quality tops that aren't $50.
or more so hopefully I can wear it soon.
I weight 149, 5'11 & wear large on top, medium for bottoms.
So order up if you want it to fit.
This fit my daughter great but faded after the first wash and never looked nice again.
I did just throw it in with my darks on a warm cycle so maybe if one washes it in cold on gentle it would be fine.
Also, after washing the bow never looked nice again either.
Really cute design and cute fit!
For the price, you can get something of better quality if you do the research.
This is attractive but the fabric is not very comfortable, very hot fabric and the inside fabric sheds.
Tthat pants are very nice material and fits very well and long as I like.
It is so hard for me to find pants that fit right.I am 5.7 feet high and weight 124 lbs and these pants fit perfectly!
While the purse itself is large and convenient and the concealed carry pocket has a small holster held in with Velcro straps, I was disappointed that I did not receive the purse pictured.
The strap on mine is over-the-shoulder-length only, not across the chest, which makes it pointless for concealed carry--too easy to snatch.
Fun dress for Valentines day!
My daughter loved the pink frilly skirt.
It washed very well and didn't fall apart.
My daughter really doesn't like the look of these.
What a bummer!
I will try washing them and all her to try them on again in a week or so.
Great sleep sack.
No problems with it.
Zipper is strong and does not break.
I would recommend it to everyone.
this shirt is true to size, amazing fit.
loved it so much i bought it in more colors.
prana is great quality, but this is now my fav top!
perfect in every way
I have five of them.
Love the characters, the legends, and the quality of the cotton.
I use them to sleep or as a cover up for the pool.
My daughter has worn these outfits several times since we got them.
The super soft cotton is very comfy.
The patterns are even cuter in person.
Great value for the set!
I bought a small for my son- usually wears a medium.
This is huge.
The Velcro is very crunchy and wide.
He wore it twice .
Unhappy with this, would not reccomend .
Great product, Great price, super fast shipping, but I wish it would have a loop so that it could be hung right next to my towel.Other than that, I love it.
Purchased these pants for a holloween costumer and they worked like I would expect baseball pants to.
Fit good, held up well and now they are sitting in my closet.
I love the bag.
It's so cute and I use it to carry my school books every day.
It's taken alot of abuse since I bought it, the strap inside has ripped badly, but that's to be expected.
It carries more weight than it can handle.
Tough bag.
:) I get compliments on it sometimes.
It's definately worth the money.
Just don't overload it with too many text books!
^_^It goes with just about any of my outfits also.
Love it ^^
I'm not diabetic, but needed a sock that could cover a lower leg injury without creating edema below the knee.
In the past, I've always had to cut the too-tight elastic top off all my socks in order to avoid lower leg swelling.
Not so with SmartKnits.
They stay put, don't droop, yet aren't too tight.
So no edema, no pain.
They're comfortable, well made . . . exactly what I was looking for.
My grandson received this outfit (from Grandma, of course) for his birthday and just loves it!
He especially enjoys the picture of the car on the front and likes to point it out to everyone he meets.
The adults like the red shirt and denim short combination which is as cute as can be.This shows our family even little boys can be fashion conscious!
I saw these pants on someone at my Gym and Because I am 6'4" and He was 6'4" I noticed that these pants were plenty long on him.
I asked him were he got them and had no luck finally them at that store.
I Figured if any place had them Amazon.com would have them.
/  Sure enough they were here.
Love the Pants, Love the Fit.
They wash up Great and For Tall Guys these Aren't FLOODS!!!!
I actually ordered two pair and then ordered two more.
Great wearable blanket!
Keeps my son very warm at night.
Fleece is cozy and soft.
Print is very cute and he looks happy in it.
Our house is frigid, so this is exactly what we needed to keep our little man warm.
Nice quality product.
Zipper is sturdy and zips from the top down so baby can't undo it.
The t shirts were just what I expected.
Can always count on Hanes to be the size expected and comfortable.
I heart Tea clothing for my daughter, and this set is particularly awesome, especially since blue is her favorite color (and it can be hard to find blue girls clothing).
It's feminine without being too girlie, it's adorable, and she can play as hard in the boys in these duds.
Highly recommended, and this is a good deal for (relatively) expensive toddler clothes (at least it was when I purchased).
I'm already looking for a deal on another collection in the next size up!
Thanks, Amazon!
As usual, this is a quality piece of material, sizing is right, shirt looks great, feels even better.
True ADIDAS athletic gear is the best on the market.
I feel like this was designed for someone who has the body of a twelve year old.
If you are bigger than a size 2 or have any curves or boobs I would not recommend this item.
These outfits are adorable!
I love that we can swap the leggings and use either set for either dress.
The quality of the clothing is excellent (as always, with Tea Collection) and they are just so adorable AND comfortable!
This long sleeve shirt is great for travel, perfect for fall sports and casual wear.
Truly wash and wear, dries quickly.
My son had 4 pair of Red Kap work shorts that have lasted 5 years but he couldn't remember where he got them.
I told him 'Amazon has everything' and found them.
Fit perfect and he loves them!
These are the BEST shorts EVER.
I love them.
VERY long lasting.
I use them for traveling all over the world.
VERY strong.
BUT buy one size bigger than your actual waist size.
Then, they will be PERFECT!!!
I wear shoe size 8.5 or 9 and I ordered these socks in medium.
When I received them, I burst out in laughter because they seriously look like little kid socks!
I have other New Balance socks in medium, so I was really surprised that these were so small.
I liked the fabric, but I just had to send them back.
If you're about my shoe size, I would definitely order these socks in large.
i love this two piece, the material and the colors is very very good, the size is the correct too.
i love
These are so cute, so fun and look great on the grandkids.
I love to buy the grand kids clothes and these are so well made.
A fun outfit.
This jacket is amazing, really good fabric and very warm and cozy, Good Buy.
The strings on the hoodie are good and dont crumple up like a little worm
I get compliments on this little purse every time I carry it.
In fact, on occasions I'm not in the mood to interact with people, I won't carry it, lol!
People want to touch it, and even I find myself petting it all the time when I use it.
It's very nicely made - I've had mine for wow, almost a year now, and it's still holding up well.
It comes with a very long, silver chain that you can clip on to use as a shoulder bag, but I find it to be too thin and cutting, so I don't use it that way often.
It will hold your cell phone, lipstick, a pack of pocket tissues, and a mini bottle of antibacterial lotion, or a similar type items.
Perfect for an evening out.
Especially if you want to get some attention, make new friends, or have something to do with your hands!
:)
I bought this set for my daughter for Christmas.
She is 2 1/2 years old and It looked very nice on her, It fit her very well (She is very tall for her age, Her doctor said she is in th 99Th percentile for her age).
The outfit is made well and the material is nice and thick!
It is so cute & I'm very satisfied!
This is a REALLY cute, well made outfit- I got it on big sale- not worth its full price.
Great gift in a cute package.
Super soft.
I was so excited when the baby gi arrived.
My daughter looks so cute in it.
I can't wait to take her to judo class with me.
Gave this to my 2 year old goddaughter as her first purse.
She got the hang of it quickly and loved it so much she would sleep with it.
It went everywhere with her!
Pleased with the quality.
I ordered this bag for my friend last Christmas and she loved it.
She uses it all the time whether its a trip to the mall or just going over to a friends house.
Its in a hobo bag style can also go with most casual outfits as well.
Its very durable and hasn't really seemed to get dirty since she got it.
Overall, we both were very happy with this purchase and I found it very much worth the price.
Excellent snow pants.
I would have given them 5 stars, but the lining was not cotton, it was polyester.
My son likes the cotton/jersey lining better.
Works well with sweats or long johns underneath.
These shirts work great as an undershirt and the fit is as expected.
There was a small amount of shrinkage with the first watch but not too much.
I would definitely recommend them for undershirts as the price is right.
I bought these to wear for bed but they look so good I have worn them as lounge pants and worn them shopping.
They are literally the most comfortable pants I own.
Don't slide down like some of my others.
I have worn the top unfolded as it works pretty great as a slight tummy control and gives a smooth line under a fitted shirt.
My husband could not stop complimenting me on how good these look on me.
Wish they came in lots more colors.
This is a gift to my friend and she likes it very much.
I decide to give a 5 star~
These are a great fitting pair of yoga pants.
The major issue we have is our Corgi's hair is drawn in to it like a magnet like other black pants cant even compare to, not that it bothers me too much
This is made very poorly.
Not even worth $7.
The stitching is not straight and is more see through than the picture makes it out to be.
There is also no padding so don't be deceived!
Got these for my wife cause she needed a new pair of lounging pants.
I didn't notice that they were yoga pants , and my wife was reluctant to try then.
She said she liked the color (brown) and gave them a shot.
Now she says &#34; Now I know why everyone is wearing bthese , they are so comfortable&#34;.
I happy that she likes them cause she looks totally hot in them.
She wears a 12 in jeans and I got her an xl.
They got great.
I found this great hoodie here.
I immediately thought to myself &#34;Wow, that looks awesome.
I want it&#34;.
It was an absolutely great decision.
It fits great and the fabric is soft and moderately thick.
Currently, it is too hot to wear, but this product is amazing for the winter.
Cute, but you definitely get what you're paying for!
It's a perfect beach cover up, and I like the ruffles along the top, and the way the fabric moves.
However, the white really really sheer and wrinkles easily; you definitely need to wear light-colored underwear, and even a tank top and a pair of shorts if you want to wear this off the beach.
But it's a nice length and is a really lightweight thing to throw into a bag or suitcase.
The only positive thing it's real leather and cashmere.
Otherwise do not go for it , these gloves look like they are from a discount store.
Great t-shirt.
Roomy and made of good quality.
Very soft.
Would definitely buy again, or recommend to parents of little girls
Fits well, like the slim legs.
The fabric could be softer, it's a bit stiff/scratchy, but I have somewhat sensitive skin.
Good long length.
Great buy!
The grey color has an purple tint.
In no way is it purple, it just appears a little off.
The cut of the jacket isn't very well proportioned for the slim type.
Boxy shoulders and narrow waiste.
It's not the best quality.
The price definitely speaks for itself.
I am a small and I ordered a small and the shoulders were a tad bit too wide.
Perhaps I would have had better luck ordering a size smaller, but then run the possibility of the sleeves being too short.
It has potential just needs some tailoring.
Price speaks for itself.
These are great for hanging out in at home or sleeping in.
My son would rather have pockets, but that's ok, this way he doesn't leave things in them before washing.
I bought two of these on the Friday Sale for $19.99 each.
I am happy I did and only wish I would have bought another... They are very soft, the sleeves are extra long (a bonus) and I don't think they are itchy at all.
I was pleasantly surprised, the only problem I saw was a snag in the sleeve of one.
Other than that, I am very happy and recommend it.
This jacket is a big improvement (not perfect) in heated jackets at a good price.
The Jacket is well made and the battery works quite well and for a long time.
The heating is really no more than 3 heating pads but it does the job well.
Just your standard white undershirt.
They fit a little small to size and have washed well.
I'd buy them again.
This is a cute, cheap shirt.
Since I'm a tiny 5'3", I thought this would fit me perfectly- I'm a lean athlete.
Unfortunately, it can be a little tight, and the cloth is a little see through.
There is a tiny slit at the bottom of the shirt in the back, and I think that's a weird design that was not demonstrated.
This shirt is made for people with small breasts and small waists- don't be surprised if it seems a size to small.
Getting a size larger than you would normally wear is what I recommend.
Suprised!
The shirt look expensive and better than picture show.
I like it.
Wear with white pants, white blazer....
make me chic
My 7 year old granddaughter loves these jammies.The best part is that the pants are not &#34;skinny&#34; andclose to the body.
We like the loose legs a lot.
Don't even bother with this product!
I bought this and was so excited because the picture of it looked so cute and who couldn't resist a $7.00 piece of lingerie that cute?
But when it finally arrived (three weeks past due) I opened the package to find a lump of blue and pink material.
It's as thin as paper with half ass stitching (fabric was sewn crooked or loped-sided) plus the bust is only meant for women who have like DDD's!
Overall VERY disappointed in this product and would not recommend it to anyone
Seems sturdy and well made.
Very colorful and cute.
Only problem is that mouth of purse does not spread open, but grandaughter can get her little hand in.
This jacket is great for my 3 year old son.
I ordered it in a 4T and it has some room to wiggle.
It also has the 'grow with me sleeves' so we may get some use out of this coat for at least the first half of the cold weather to come in the fall and winter of this year.
I would reccomend this to others and would buy this coat again.
I cant really tell how the pants would be because I ordered a 2 and they sent me a size 12.
Needless to say, they didnt fit.
All of the ordering info including the shipping receipt said size 2 but the tag on the pants said 12.
They seem like they would be warm though.
I'm about a size 10, i ordered a medium and they fit like a charm.
I ordered these on a Monday and i received them Thursday.
I'm about to order different colors now!
I try to ride my Harley Davidson Road King year round so when I found these Base 3.0 Under Armour underwear, I grabbed a pair.
Let me tell you, they work!
I have ridden in 23F temps with no discomfort whatsoever.
Expensive but worth every penny!
I bought two of these along with two gift cards for each of my nephews.They were very excited and couldn't wait to go to the store!
I had to return these pants because they were way too big.
I usually wear a small or extra small, and the size small for these pants was more like a roomy medium.
The quality was what I was expecting, but because of the large size, they went right back to Amazon.
She loves the chain and they are comfortable to wear.
They can be dressed up with a sweater or down with a sweatshirt.
Great jeggings.
Great product.
Highly recommended.
I feel better knowing my baby is safe and warm.
He's happy when I put him in his sleep sack because he knows its comfy bed time.
ESE GATITO QUE A TODA PRINCESA CAUTIVA AHORA LE HARA EL SUE&Ntilde;O REALIDAD DE MANTENERLO JUNTO A ELLA POR EL TIEMPON QUE DESEE
I have been sun burned one too many times on my back so I needed a shirt that could protect me.
This is a great shirt.
We recently purchased this pink hoodie but with a unicorn for my 4 year old daughter.
She is LOVES it.
I used to have to nag her to put on a jacket before she went outside but now she'll gladly put on her HoodiePet.
It's incredibly soft and cozy and also a huge burden off my shoulders because I no longer have to remember to bring a stuffed animal with us wherever we go and worry about forgetting it somewhere.
have 505 same size  fall off me  love 508 they stay on my hips where they should be  I love I lovem
My son and I love the colour and everything, except it is a bit too small for my 10 years old.
Will buy an extra-large
These are super comfy, but the material is very thin...as in I've worn mine a couple of times and you can see through parts of the material.
They are "at home" pants for sure.
Also, I ordered a medium first which fall off after a few hours of wear...I normally wear a size 7 jeans.
I ordered a small and they fit much better.
Kept the medium anyway since they are super comfy, I just have to pull them up a lot!
Both pairs I ordered are black.
I worry the Colorado might be easier to see through if made with the same thin material.
Looking for a fun purse for my granddaughter's birthday and this was a hit with her.
Quality is good and she loves it.
Money was well spent.
Very high quality bag.
Multiple compartments for every single medical tool I use.
Very heavy duty!
However it says on the manufacturers website that there is room for a hydration pack.
There is a fold out compartment that you could put one in, but there isn't a dedicated spot to feed the tubing through.
So you would just have to run the tubing through the zipper, which would compromise the water sealing
Arrived on time.
I like this color.
My litter bother is happy to get this sleep dress.
Maybe it is good!
I am wearing them as we speak.
They are so comfy.
The slight flare at the bottom is very cute too.
It's not a pair of pants I wear outside of the house unless I have a really long shirt on but they are super cute!
I love them.
The set is very pretty but way small.
It was such a deal it didn't pay me to send it back so I donated it to my local goodwill.
Someone will love it.
This is one of the first wool shirts that I bought and I really like it.
It is softer and more flexible than cotton and stays dry and comfortable all day.
This particular shirt is see-through, so it's only good for an under-layer!
Runs a little small.
Is there a way to change the size?
can you tell me as soon as possible???
and is there any color choices>?
I buy a lot from Amazon and usually very satisfied.
This shirt I bought was a bright orange and I thought it was going to be red.
I got my return approval and they charged me a 20% restocking fee.
Much to excessive in my opinion.
I will make sure I read the return information better in the future.
Fells great and keeps my head warm.
Highly recommend it.
I'll buy more styles of this brand for next winter.
This is a great item to customize.
I had originally ordered the youth large for my daughter that wears a size 10, and it's WAY too big.
So I got the medium youth.....
still roomy but it fits.
These are so soft and comfy!
they feel a lot like a tshirt, soft with a little give.
I agree with a few other reviews that they aren't a snug fit.
And probably wouldn't do for jogging etc. but for lounging or errands and light yoga they're ideal.
Also an excellent price
I have a terrible body shape for buying jeans.
Short legs, big belly, but somehow the 508s do the trick.It's like a common sense jean.
Cut to the shape of your leg.
Bigger in the thigh, smaller in the leg and just wide enough at the ankle to fit over your shoe.
These jeans are so comfortable and I think because they actually fit they make you look skinnier.No more loose fitting or relaxed, screw that.
All that ever amounted too was a big ass pair of jeans that made you look bow legged or bigger than you really are.The Quincy color is great too.
I bought 3 brands, returned the other two and bought me 2 more pairs of the 508s.
I normally don't get too excited about jeans, but these I would highly recommend.
These pants feel great, look great and fit great.
What more can I say?
I plan on buying another one but in a different color.
the material of these pants are too thin.
thus the quality isnt so good i wouldnt buy these ever again.
I wish i knew before buying.
horrible
there very Convey and very soft the leg skin,and grate for women with m.s. the best pants I ever worn.
darling outfit, arrived just as pictured, but the top was about two sizes smaller than the skirt.
My granddaughter loved it, but cried when she tried it on.
The leg fit on these is as expected, but the fold over top is a but loose and bunchy.
The fabric is a little itchy as well - even after a couple of washings.
I just wear these around the house as lounge pants - they wouldn't be appropriate in public.
For the price, this jean is a bargain -- and then some.
If you are a 'curvy' gal with a smaller waist, these are your pants.
The color is perfect (neutral).
The jeans didn't require any signifcant alterations, as the length is not overly excessive.
They wash and dry beautifully (I let them air-dry).
Ironing is easy and they are great for travel.
Great jacket.
I run with this on in rain and cold weather.
It works great.
I highly recommend it.
I have both these and yummie tummie leggings and these are by far superior!
They are amazing and give me the most beautiful legs and tush.
It is great that they look like cotten but have so much spandex so no lumps and bumps at all!
Also, they control at the tummy is perfect because it does not give any muffin top.
I own ALOT of leggings and these are my favorite.
I have both the capri and the long ones.
Maybe the other reviewer got too small of a size, which caused the holes - not sure.
I have not had that problem and I am not tiny :).
I like yummie tummie too but the only ones that I have found to be even as close as as good as these are actually too sheer - like nylons.
And the ones with more cotton are WAY too tight.
These Spanx are a perfect combo of the right amount of control and they are comfortable.
This was for our Grandson's third birthday.
When he opened the package, and had to put it on.
It was his favorite gift
I hate an over priced pair of jeans.
Levi's are classic and fit great.
The 508's are my jean of choice, not too tight but fit slim.
I love these pants and own them in the grey and green.
The material is stretchy, but structured.
It's a delight to hike and work in these pants- I spend hours at a time crouching and squatting without discomfort.
I also have a pair of the monarch prana pants, but these are much better.
The halle pants have a slimmer leg and are more modern looking.
Fits true to size- I wear a 10 in athletic and designer jeans, the 10 in prana pants fits perfectly.
The length is perfect for a 5'5 woman in hiking boots.
Overall, a lovely hiking pant for someone who doesn't like the all-too-common frumpy hiking cargo pant.
We ordered a size large (even though my husband wears a medium) because he has to take care of our chickens in all kinds of weather.
The large accomodates his fleece lined flannels with plenty of room to spare.
The hood closes securely in windy, wet weather.
The price was right and for quick runs outside to take care of things, this jacket is perfect.
This was a gift for my granddaughter.
Arrived quickly.
This is an adorable outfit that will be worn in the Summer.
I'm very satisfied with the product purchased, are very good quality fabrics, and finishes very good, better than you see in the picture.
I had ordered from MensUSA and was well screwed over and left without a tux 3dys b4 my wedding.
I found this suit on the net like 3dys before we were flying out to get married.
Explained what happened and i was asked to hold then a man saying he was the mgr of the store came to the phone and told me that he is very very sorry and understands the need to get it.
and that for no additional chrg they shipped next day just incase i needed some tailoring for me so i would have in enough time.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!
Got the suit in a perfect size and the next day.
Awesome Pair of jeans.
I'm a tall guy, and its fairly hard to buy jeans.
These were perfect!
521 Slim Tapered jean, Rigid Envy are perfect.
I'm probably going to buy another pair of dark gray jeans / 521.
!!
they were what you ecpect out of yaga phants the are an ok purchase good to louge around the house
I like the knit of this cap, combined with the color it really looks nice.
I got this for my daughter and she loves it.
Very soft and beautiful for a great price.
would recomend this product for first time buyers.
would purchase this again in the future.
since most of these are 3 tiers, and this w/4 was only a few dollars more, I thought what the heck.we have almost NO storage in our bathroom and thought we could share.
nope.
bought TWO!is awesome!
and free shipping.
highly recommend.
The towel fits well, serves the purpose for which I bought it--making a quick and private change after a bike race.
These socks fit great and feel so comfy!
I like the design and how well they feel and that they aren't too hot in the summer.
I ORDERED THIS LITTLE "PURSE" WHEN I STARTED CARRYING OXYGEN AROUND 24/7 DUE TO MY LUNG PROBLEM.
I FIND IT IS SMALL ENOUGH IN SIZE AND HOLDS ALL THE CARDS, MONEY, ID'S, ETC., THAT I NEED.
IT FITS NICELY INSIDE THE BAG WITH THE OXYGEN, OR I CAN THROW THE STRAP OVER MY SHOULDER AND BARELY KNOW IT'S THERE.
I LIKE THIS LITTLE ITEM A LOT AND RECOMMEND IT FOR SPECIAL NEEDS, INCLUDING TRAVEL.
THE PRICE IS WORTH IT.
These jeans are ok for the price.
I would definitely recommend the 501 and/or the 514.
Those are much better.
This style fits snug in the waist but has a baggy fit every where else.
The inseams are generous, so don't order a tall unless you really need it.
The material is tough and the seams hold up to full time contruction.
Great Jacket.
Since last year I've been trying to replace my awesome Mammut Clime Jacket that wore out and this comes close to that.
I previously bought the Mammut Ultimate Advanced which I absolutely did not like because the sleeves and torso rode up when you lift your arms.
I also returned the Mammut Alto Jacket which was awkward fitting, stiff and heavy.
The Ultimate Pro has the best fabric (light and silky to the touch but still firm) and protection (the highest collar and longest sleeves).
It also fits the best.
Only thing is the sleeves are very long for the sizes due to the integrated thumb loop and wrist gaiter.
I would've preferred the thumb loops to be retractable or hidden inside the cuff.
Here the sleeves are about 3-5 inches longer to accommodate this seldom used feature.
Also the jacket is NOT breathable so do not expect to do anything of an alpine ascent nature or strenuous while wearing it.
Gore Windstopper is not a breathable fabric and this jacket doesn't have pit zips or ventilation pockets to alleviate body heat and moisture.
This is more of a Winter/Late Fall casual fleece that wont get worn in Spring or for anything above light hiking/camping.
My friends recommend me to buy this kind of stylish cloths.
This is very similar to Korean fashion style and my girlfriend really likes me wearing this kind of cloths.
These jeans are my absolute favorite.
I love Levi's, and I only wear tapered leg.
Which can be difficult to find.
I've bought 2 pair of these (Quincy) and about to order a third.
I have bought, black, blue, and green.
None of those fit the same.
They all are cut shorter and fit tighter in the crotch.
Which I don't understand.
The outfit took longer to arrive than expected, but I must say when it did arrive I forgot all about that because the outfit was just precious.
The pants, shirt and jacket were just perfect.
I'm very pleased with this choice.
Thank you so much!
I was about to settle for a $40-50 jersey.
Then one of my friends who has been riding for years told me about the difference between low cost jersey and the $100+ ones.
So, I went to a big sport store in Manhattan and tried on 3-4 different jerseys and felt in love with this one.
I had this jersey on at a century ride a few months ago, it is really comfy.
My son absolutely loves this outfit!
He is a great Spider Man fan and loves anything Spider Man.
The quality of this outfit is wonderful, a couple of washes and it still looks new.
I do like this purse, although it is awkward getting things in and out of the top.
I realize they had to style it that way for practicality, so I am making myself adjust.
I got this for my son to wear at the motocross track and he loves it.
Great quality shirt.
Simple but to the point.
I truly enjoy the comfort of yoga pants.
My only complaint is that I wish I could find them with a longer inseam.
This was a little too big than expected but the material was fine and comes with large velcro strips.
I use it at the gym and will see how it lasts after weekly washing.
Very comfortable to wear.
Nice fit second pair I have owned.
Needs more color variation to make it even better.
I've bought this trouser, which is beautifull, but even when I'm not so short (I'm 5'9)this trouser is 35 inseam, which is not advertised in the description of the item.
Anyway I'm keeping it for the price.
It's not worth it to return it.
I'll better take it to the tailor for an inch shorter.
I like what I purchased, but since I have hardwood floors in part of my home, I strictly use these on carpet !
Wash in cold, and hang to dry....better off that way in terms of durability and keeping shape/form.
este es una ropa muy bonita y de excelente calidad, sobre todo el precio que es muy c&oacute;modo.
el color es exclente
es un producto muy hermoso, serio y queda excelente en el ni&ntilde;o, el color es precioso y se puede utilizar en ocasiones diferentes
Seller is amazing but for some reason these jeans were dyed to obtain color, well when that is the case, when jeans are folded the folds lose color, so when I washed them and dried them there was a very visible crease where the fold was from shipping.
Either when they dyed them they did not dry thoroughly or the dye was inferior.
But this is the only pair that has had this issue amongst the numerous other pairs I have ordered.
This color in particular seems common amongst any brand to have this sort of thing happen
Bought this for my niece for Christmas, she loved it, the Clay Beads were unique and a quality product.
Would buy again.
The 3 pieces are very cute, but the quality is not the best.
But for the price, the quality is acceptable.
it is cheap just like a material of this item:)i almost broke it the first time i tried it :(
My grandson is very thin and about 5ft2in, plenty long yet fit his very small waist!
Very soft too!wkll get more for next year!
I needed a lightweight, waterproof rain jacket with hood for an upcoming backpacking trip to Switzerland.
I found many at Dick's and REI in the $150-$400 price range that frankly were very bulky and heavy and not suitable for my situation.
I ordered one on line from Amazon that was great - only it was too small (I ordered a large and XL would have worked but they were out of stock).
This was my second try and it is perfect.
Very light weight, and will easily fit in my backpack; fairly stylish with nice hood with draw strings and zippers on the pockets.
Based on some other reviews I selected a large and it fit perfectly.
I'm 5'11&#34; and 170 and it leaves me some room to wear layers or a sweater underneath.
Great deal compared with the many expensive alternatives I tried,
I am somewhat a slim guy so the jean category is a little harder to fit, so I ordered these jeans and fit perfectly.
They give you some moving space in the waist and taper as they taper around the lower leg.
I will be ordering more in the future.
it was cheaply made its a cute idea but honestly I could have made it better myself not to mention the thong that came with it didn't even stretch on the waist area thought that was a bit weird don't buy
Made in the USA at a great price and great fit, would buy these jeans again at the same price
Its a stocking cap that keeps my bald head warm!
It's not hard to get right, and they got it right.
Also, look at the price!
It's cheap.
Go buy one.
Lightweight and kept me dry in a two hour downpour.
Does not breathe well and not very warming.
These are perfect in every way for my little big girl!
Bloomers are just too baby but these are cool and still ruffly.
Wish they'd get them in stock in white in bigger sizes.
The product is awesome!
I just ordered the wrong size and now have to re-order and then I will be extremely pleased so check with me again!!
I love these jeans.
The fit is perfect, they are very comfortable but still stylish.
I would recommend these to anyone.
Safe and practical.
Bought it for my nephew overseas.
It has an excellent reputation for warmth and practicality.
Your baby will love it.
i was annoyed that HANES shortened the length of the t shirt.
so i bot this 8 pack  as  it was economical.
the length wasok.
the collar looked ok.
i washed them b4 i wore them.
then i put one on and they felt slightly itchy.
the HANES were smoother.
fruit of the loom used rougher thread material.
cheaper , i guess.
After first wash with the normal washing conditions as other clothes.
This Fabric was bad and is lost its shape after first wash itself and now it looks like a duster.
Seriously Bad quality.I bought a same trouser in retail outlet and its was good.
I have been using it from past 2 years and its still in shape.
El material es muy bueno y los colores bellos.
Lo recomiendo.
El abrigo es hermoso.
Me encanta todo el conjunto
This item arrived and it looks wonderful.
However, after just one hour of wear, the stitching on one of the jacket's pocket is already giving.
They used single, instead of double stitching (to save $$$ no doubt) but it's a false economy.
People just don't order them again.
Better to make a quality product and retain your client base, then chase them away with shoddy workman(woman) ship.
But that's the world today - all about $$$ and nothing about service or quality.
would prefer without the pocket and would like a size that fits a little better.
.
older but 31&#34; waist is not a snug fit that I would prefer...
I bought this purse about a year ago.
It is larger than I expected, very roomy and very easy to get too heavy!
It has plenty if pockets and compartments.
The zippers are not heavy-duty enough and the lining gets stuck  in them often.
the leather on the handle where my hand rests has turned red???
It looks like the black is flecking off.
I am very hard on purses, putting them under the seat, behind the seat, etc.
This one has held up pretty well.
UPDATE: Zipper has broken, purse looks pretty bad due to the red on the handle.
My sister bought the brown one and it has held up better than the black one I bought.
My daughter is 9 and wears a size 8.
I ordered the medium and it fits her perfectly.
She loves it and says she looks fancy in it.
It comes with the leggings.
My daughter is a cheerleader so she has muscular legs and the tights fit fine.
She is also about 53.5 inches and the leggings hit her ankles.
If you're daughter has skinny legs these tights may look loose.
The sweater is tunic length.
My daughter wore this with black Ugg boots and looked cute and felt great.
She said the sweater was comfy and not itchy.
Perfect for the holidays, or remove the brooch (it's like a hair clip) and wear anytime!
he loves this shirt i have to tell him to wear something different but kids today love all this things
You'll have to buy a thicker rain jacket with more insulation for the winter months, but this is a good option to have during the summer.
Although it does get stuffy sometimes wearing this jacket in &#34;the deep south&#34;, the material is thin allowing more breathability than other heavy duty rain jackets.
Another great thing about it being so thin is that it can be rolled up and placed into a backpack without taking up too much space.
No complaints and happy with this purchase.
I ordered a large for my husband and this was Way too small.
My brother in law wears a medium and the large was too small for him too.
It is a nice well made casual vest but definitely need to order up a size or two
I've noticed mixed reviews with regard to durability (eg, crotch starts to sag, etc).
My rejoinder is this:  if it's worn in a chlorine or saltwater environment, that plus the sun will do a number on anything with elastic, so my pair was rinsed with fresh water immediately after removal.
So far it's held up nicely.
The other thing that may make a difference is wearing the tights under boxer swim trunks, which I did and received some nice comments on the look.
Don't think it would look good under a speedo brief, though.
And wearing it over swim trunks may help distort the fit in the long run.
Generally I wear jeans in a 38 waist.
They were HUGE.
Ordered the 36 and they fit nicely, but the 34 were like heaven.
Made me feel like I lost weight.
The straight fit with a tapered leg gives me a thinner look, which is what I wanted with  a fit that I like.
I love it on my gal, would love for her to wear it all the time, mm mm mm mm
Quality is good.
It is a littel large fitting though.
I will have to add a button or extend the velco closure.
Packaged well.
Shipped quickly.
These are comfortable pants.
They aren't made of the highest quality materials, but for the price they are pretty good.
I've worn them for a year and just now I noticed a small hole near the knee.
More than likely, I caught them on something and they ripped.
They held up pretty good for a year's worth of wear and washing.
Some other reviewers commented that these pants ran long, but I didn't have that problem and I'm only 5 foot tall.
There must be some variance in length between different pairs.
These jeans are a great value for the money and the color is a deep, saturated black.
They fit great in all areas, but I would recommend sizing down on these as they are rather large in the waist.
This is just what I was looking for!
I bicycle long distances every day, which leaves my arms exposed to the sun, this shirt keeps me from getting burned or having to grease up with sunscreen.
Even better, it keeps me cool, at least as cool as if I were to wear a T-shirt.
As an added bonus, it doesn't stink, I've been using it as a workout shirt and it just doesn't hold onto the stink like a regular shirt does.
Very cute and well made item.
This is a fine gift for a special girl.
The entire Stephen Joseph line is eye catching.
purchased this for my son who attended wedding and wanted to look "handsome."
He did.
Well-made.
Adorable.
Comfortable for him!
As per the site information its look cool very much .
.
good looking more in all price worth customer satisfied
I bought this bag for my wife, who is an Army medic.
We keeps this bag in a car for the many car trips on the weekend.
It nice to have for the scrapes and bruises, but also keep the necessity medical stuff just in case.
I recommend it.
runs a little snug for my taste but everything else about this top is right on.
I would buy it again.
I have this sweater in a sand color and soon I will have it in a chocolate color and I must tell you that this sweater is the nicest sweater I have ever had in my Life!!!
It fits just perfect and is so beautifully made!
:) I will be ordering more of these sweaters for myself and for gifts:) Thank You Patricia Avenue:)
mmmmmmmmmmm let your imagination  run with this cute set and when she wears it I know my life is about to be improved.
it is niely made, feels good to the touch and she looks great in it.
the best my child is realy happy with the jacket t shirtI recommend this clothsi like because is new
Love it!
I where it in the cold mornings and evenings!
The reason I bought this because its made by Polartec.
I normally love yoga pants but these are just awful.
They are a weird material and definitely are not like any other pair of yoga pants I have ever purchased.
One size fits "most", as long as you aren't larger than a medium!
Runs very small...will most likely give it to my friend's young daughter to play dress-up!
Really nice quality, spot on sizing, and such sweet designs!
I probably wouldn't have gone for these at full price, but with the markdowns WHAT A DEAL... I'm extremely happy w/ my purchases.
I love this outfit for my son and he thinks he is just the best in it.
Size is true and quality is fantastic.
Thanks!
UPDATE - after a year or so the tint on the lenses of these glasses started coming off.
The tint is apparently dyed on or sprayed on.
The tint literally wipes off on your hands, on the cleaning rag, etc.
It doesn't come off evenly so the view through the lenses becomes very distorted.
I have never seen this happen to even $5 sunglasses - these are junk we had to throw away!
One of the best cotton collections we have ever tried!
Superb quality, great look, very practical for the school and any other activity.
And looks still very nice :)).
My daughter adore it.
Thank you, Amazon )).
size as expected.
good fabric and nice look so far.but.
color came out  after washed 2times.
now it looks like faded black jeans.
good though lol
Such a great product, very happy with my golf polo.
It certainly is my favorite one so I will buy another one for sure, great fit and very confortable for your golf game
I loved the feel and construction of this jacket, but it was much too short!
The material is really soft and cozy and I liked the purple color.
Unfortunately, I had to return it due to the short length.
I bought the Arcteryx stratto jacket instead, which has a longer fit.
This outfit is extremely cute.
Based on the cuteness alone I gave it 4 stars, however if I truly look at the quality of the materials then I would probably bump it down a star.
The transfers look cheap, but it is very sweet.
Wrong Size!!!!
When I got the pants, it ended up being a  size too small from what I had originally ordered.
The pants don't fit more like skinny jeans which I don't like, but the shirt and sweater fit nicely.
The shirt is soft and the sweater is warm.
This bag combined with the under the seat roller bag is all you need for a weekend vacation or a 2 week jaunt in Europe.
I love these bags.
The fabric is durable.
There are just the right amount of pockets to hold all that you need.
It can be used as a purse, beach bag or travel bag.
It fits in the overhead or under the seat so there is no need to check luggage when on a plane.The pocket on the back can be zipped open for going over the handle of the roller bag or left closed when using as a purse.
I cannot imagine traveling without this bag!
I got these pants and they LOOKED great!
good quality and great fabric.
Unfortunately, the mediums were too big for me (I am usually a size 6).
I had to return them and they had no smalls in stock :( I'll be keeping an eye out for the smalls to come back in!
34x32 Too large for me will sell it to a friend.
The 32x32 will fit me a lot better I'm sure.
Just received these in the mail today and was so excited to put them on.
Thought they fit fine throughout my legs and bottom.
I ordered 2 med and received 2 larges.
I've got junk in the trunk so it's not as if I couldn't keep them like this, but I've read reviews saying they loosen up and if they do that they will be way too big.
Maybe I will send back one and keep the other.
Then I will update!
Otherwise, they are long but most pants on me are so I can't really hold that against them.
They are soft and thin but I don't feel exposed with how thin they are.UPDATE:So I called amazon to exchange, which they couldn't for some reason.
They gave me a ups label and promised a refund as soon as my package reached the warehouse.
Luckily I decided to contact the seller and they didn't want me to reorder from amazon since they had been packaged wrong.
They emailed me a fedex label to return the larges and sent me my 2 mediums with another med for all the hassle.
Really appreciated it!
Received the mediums and they fit great.
I'm 152lb and 5 4'.
Normally I would get a large but just as others stated, they loosen up and run slightly big.
They are VERY comfy!
Thanks so much!
I needed some lounge pants and I am currently pregnant right now and these are great.
They were not too tight and great stay around the house wear.
They are also comfy enough to use as pajama pants too.
YOUR WORLD SARONG MENS PREMIUM EMBROIDERED TIE DYE SARONG IN DARK GREEN IS BEAUTIFUL!
THE OTHER ARONG I ORDERED I DON'T LIKE THE MATERIAL AT ALL.
My wings were beautiful and big!
They look like the picture.
Everybody at the Halloween party thought they were great!!
I purchased the Cold Gear 3.0 tops and bottoms for my recent 4 day trip into the back country of Denali National Park, Alaska (as well as near the Gulf of Alaska).
I mainly slept in them because they are too warm (except perhaps for extremely cold days) for the activity of hiking with a loaded pack.One night was in the low 30's with what must have been 40mph winds and rain/hail.
All I was wearing were these (a hat and wool socks) and a extremely light summer 60 degree + sleeping bag and I was warm enough to sleep.Bottom line?
If you need these for VERY LOW ACTIVITY OR NONE AT ALL (sleeping) in very cold temps then these should work great.
IF you are looking for something to wear during the day where you will be active do your self a favor and get the lighter version of these as you will be too hot.They also dry VERY quickly while wearing.
They are basically dry straight from the washing machine also.
( I do not even put them in the dryer, I just hang them up for a bit.As far as sizing, I am Male, 150lbs, and 5'8" and the small fit perfectly.
(I ordered the medium and small and tried them both, the small was better for my size)Feel free to ask any questions!
and if this was helpful please rate it as helpful!
(If not, tell me what I could do better!)
Thanks!
I gave this to my niece for Christmas and she loves it.
This paired with a toy phone was a perfect gift.
All I can say is wow!!!
This item is incredibly sexy, the fabric is soft, and the item came earlier than expected.
These pants are really nice.
The quality is great for the price and the belt loops are a big plus.
I have to give them a 5 because I can find no fault with them at all.
Did not fit well at all to thin and to long I am returning them for a refund and will not by them again
I bought this pants from you guys last year and I must say excellent excellent excellent fits great keep up the good work guys love this pants
this is a nice shirt ... will have to wait til spring to try it out,  but sure it will do the job!!
LOve it, so nice and cozy and comfy, looks and feels awesome, will buy another one soon.
The best way to put your baby to bed.
Promp shipping & delivery, came in excellent condition, and it very true to the photo's.
The jeans seem to run about a size larger than the average, but we can roll them until she grows into them.
Love love love!
Can't recommend any more- esp if you have a lil Strawberry Shortcake girl!
Very comfy and the pant legs are long enough.
Stocking up on more since they are so affordable!
&lt;3 The material is thin but being somewhat fit, not a big deal.
l won't even wear it, to big and way to long it sucks.not the way it was advertised.never ,never angain
I seen this bag and thought it would be a good to carry hair supplies in while I'm traveling.
It was was perfect for a while.
I used this bag for about 2 months and the stitching came apart.
These socks work well for a long distance runner....using these, along with BodyGlide keeps any blisters from forming.
In fact, when I first put this combination together, I was able to run with the blisters I already had.
Highly recommend.
I found this outfit so cute that I couldn't resist and bought it for my daughter.She has a lot of fun wearing it.
It's not comfy enough to go to bed wearing it though.
As I said, it's very good for fun.
Quite disappointed by this jacketLook awful and it's hanging in my daughters wardrobe unwornMight give it to the SalvosSad....
Bought these for my son who now wants a second pair!
Will be ordering again.
They fit him well and look great.
It's absorbent, comes in colors, and allows my husband his modesty.
I plan on buying him another one in a different color.
I love this belt, its colors match a lot of the chino's I wear and shorts I wear.
The canvas clothe used as a backing is stiff like leather and does not lose it shape.
The belt is tough and leather accents the canvas material perfectly.
This is a great belt to buy.
My son lives in Alaska and he only uses Under Armour.
3.0  He is now waiting to get the 4.0  He loves it.
My daughter wanted this for Halloween.
She looks adorable in it!
The material is just like a real uniform.
I bought this for my wife, she liked it upon looking at it, comfortable on the skin and to sleep in, not use the G String just the top.
These dresses are so sweet.
I love the rich colors and fun "pants tights" as my daughter calls them.
They mix and match well among other Tea Collection pieces.
Good purchase.
Very poor product here.
32 x32's sre more like 38 x 32.
It is also a thin stretchy material.
Levi's has become junk in my opinion.
great quality ,feels awesome and a must have for any hunting enthusiasm,make her first onesie a camo,she'll look cute and dangerous.
I am disappointed in the quality of this jacket.
The lining in the sleeves is pulling apart at the seams with the first wash.
Probably would not buy again.
I regularly purchase packs of Fruit of the Loom's crew neck tees in medium.
I tried doing the same thing with these shirts, and they ended up reaching down to about the middle of my thigh, rather than the inch or two below my waist I had come to expect.
Bought this for my granddaughter for her Christmas outfit.
Got pictures taken of all grandchildren in their fun outfits.
Loved it.
As an expensive brand you have to either find outlet store (they started opening several now in Texas) or find online deals.
This is a quality polo and I feel the price was right
Apparently 36X32 pants are not common.
This is my first time being this fat and I'm starting to lose hope I will go back down to my last waist size.
I saw these pant at Kohls and I couldn't find my size.
Looked them up on Amazon and found my size and they were cheaper.
They fit well.
There's not too much taper to wher it makes you look like a homosexual and they're not too lose to where they drag the floor.
I had been a 501 guy for 10 years but I like the way these feel.
I would like to have some 508s with the rugged feel of the 501s but the cut of 508.
Its just a belt.
I like it.
Nautica makes quality products.
If you want a cheap belt than look no further.
This will fit my grandson well into his second winter season.
It's very roomy  but not too bulky.
I like the design and soft fabric.
This was a great outfit for the price.
The shirt ran a little small but overall I was happy with the purchase!
insubstantial--hard to wear to yoga class without another top or bra underneath it, and that defeats the purpose.
Too bad, because it is very pretty.
Hi pants did not fit need a 40x32.
Did not see a return slip with pants.
Is it possible to exchange them?
Thanks.
Love it!
My boy looks so handsome in it!
good quality, and it last for active boys in the cool weather.
This was just what my elementary grade niece wanted.
It is just like the bracelets the older girls were wearing in a child's size.
Really cheap feel with large external paper tag instead of old leather tag.
Looks cheap, not removable and advertises your size to the world.
I've had great success with Amazon in every single order with absolutely no complaints.
The dungarees matched exactly what I had purchased from Sears who didn't have my size.
The reason I wanted this particular style and faded color was because it perfectly matched my Levi sleeveless denim jacket.
I had thought this would be slightly thicker fabric, but it is thin cotton material, well constructed, not see through when wrapped and dries quickly.
It holds up well and does not slip.
