WHAT IS THIS ?
https://github.com/knowitall/openie-demo



Received this bag several weeks back and have been using it on the job with great success.


You can find many storage organizers that are much less expensive.
"You"	"can find"	"many storage organizers"
"many storage organizers"	"are"	"expensive much"
"many storage organizers"	"are"	"expensive less"
"many storage organizers"	"are"	"expensive"

I no longer wear a heavy tool belt that is uncomfortable and needs constant adjusting.
Satztrennung bei that könnte viele wichtige Informationen vernichten
"I"	"wear"	"a heavy tool belt no longer"
"I"	"wear"	"a heavy tool belt"
"I"	"needs"	"constant adjusting"
"a heavy tool belt"	"is"	"uncomfortable"

The zipper is a wee bit stiff at first but now that I've opened and closed it a couple dozen times it works pretty smooth.
"The zipper"	"is"	"a wee bit stiff at first now that I 've opened"
"The zipper"	"is"	"a wee bit stiff at first now that I closed it a couple dozen times"
"I"	"'ve opened"
"I"	"closed"	"it a couple dozen times"
"it"	"a couple dozen times"
"it"	"works"	"pretty smooth" // Entity Linking wäre hier sinnvoll. kann nicht alleine durch deep openIE bewältigt werden

Compact and surprisingly holds a lot of pens and markers.
"Compact"	"holds"	"a lot of pens" // falsch
"Compact"	"holds"	"a lot of markers"
"surprisingly"	"holds"	"a lot of pens"
"surprisingly"	"holds"	"a lot of markers"

Very useful, instead of carry a pen box, I just use this.
-complete useless
"I"	"use"	"this just"
"I"	"use"	"this"

I got this mainly for roof work as a way to keep my drill close-by.
"I"	"got"	"this mainly for roof work as a way to keep my drill close-by"
"I"	"got"	"this mainly"
"my"	"has"	"drill close-by" // falsche implizite Fakten

 Latches, hinges, handle, everything is well made and holds up to every day use.
 -absulut useless
 "Latches"	"is"	"hinges"
 "Latches"	"handle"
 "everything"	"is made"	"Latches handle well"
 "everything"	"is made"	"Latches handle"
 "everything"	"holds up"	"Latches handle to every day use"
 "everything"	"holds up"	"Latches handle"

Yes, this is a great way to get all those screws, nuts, bolts, etc., out of that plastic tub sitting in your garage!
-useless, with chunking would be better
"this"	"is"	"Yes a great way to get all those screws out of that plastic tub sitting in your garage"
"all those screws out of that plastic tub sitting in your garage"	"is"	"bolts"
"all those screws out of that plastic tub sitting in your garage"	"is"	"etc."
"all those screws out of that plastic tub"	"be sitting"	"in your garage"
"all those screws out of that plastic tub sitting in your garage"	"is"	"nuts"
"your"	"has"	"garage"

 // openIE 5.0
 - obwohl Teilsatz, wurde das wichtigste gefiltert
 If it is too difficult to open the ratchets
 0,52 (it; is; too difficult to open the ratchets)

- wichtige Info fehlt
 If I had any complains its that they're heavy
 0,28 (I; had; any)
 - clausIE macht das besser (jedenfalls Nr. 3)
 "I"	"had"	"any complains its that they 're heavy"
 "any"	"complains"	"its"
 "they"	"'re"	"heavy"

over 	a 	period 	of	2-3 	hours 	they 	slowly 	equilibrated
B-PP	B-NP	I-NP	B-PP	B-NP	I-NP	B-NP	B-VP	I-VP
4	5	6	7	8	9	1	2	3

After 	3 	month 	of 	use 	it 	is 	broken
B-PP	B-NP	I-NP	B-PP	B-NP	B-NP	B-VP	I-VP
4	5	6	7	8	1	2	3

power has stayed up without recharging  for 4 mos
- OIE5 no extraction
- me: power , has stayed up  without , recharging  for 4 mos

Would have rated 5 stars except cover vibrates lose

The bit holder holds on well to the bit
0,91 (The bit holder; holds on well to; the bit) oie5
me: The bit holder , holds  on  to , the bit well
me: The bit holder , holds , on

it was impossible to put it back in there
oie5: nothing
me: nothing
clausie: "it"	"was"	"impossible to put back it in there"

The previous one just burst in the middle of watering my plants
me: no extr.
maybe this is a good one to try  clustering like levenstein?


The bottle is broken
Vector((DT,The), (NN,bottle), (VBZ,is), (VBN,broken)) // broken wird nicht als Adjektiv sondern als Verb erkannt, bei anderen Derivationen geht das aber z.B. drinkable
Lösung: VBN (Past Participle ) gesondert behandeln?
Vector(B-NP, I-NP, B-VP, I-VP)

President Trump was in Cleveland, OH on Saturday
me: withou comma no problem but the comma is a problem

President Trump recently received a letter from one Ohio resident, Mrs. Sharlene Thornton, who joined him in Cleveland yesterday.
me: check sentence, DATE makes trouble

sentenceCombi: The ORGANIZATION ORGANIZATION gardens have a history nearly as old as our country ’s
The White House gardens ,have nearly as old ,a history
Solution? :  take care about country ’s

President Trump recently received a letter from one OH resident, Mrs. Sharlene Thornton, who will be joining him in Cleveland today.
me: President Trump recently ,received ,a letter from one OH resident  // recently is treadet as a NN due to NER(DATE) -> TODO
clausie: "one OH resident"	"is"	"Mrs. Sharlene Thornton" // TODO: make a simple rule for that?
more examples
Heavyweight champion, Wladimir Klitschko, is the king.
The head of the branch, Bob Schmidt, announced the contract.

The President will talk with local residents about the impact of his December tax cuts legislation on jobs and wages.
cie: "his"	"has"	"December tax cuts legislation" // TODO: I need to coreference here to do this

Tomorrow, President Trump will be in Cleveland to talk with local residents about the impact of his December tax cuts legislation on jobs and wages.
me: nothing TODO: make a simple rule which applies the rest of the sentence to the first part if the first part matches a pattern
more like this: Yesterday, President Trump signed an Executive Order to ensure that faith-based organizations have strong advocates in the White House

Bsp 1.: Because of President Trump's tax cuts, the Thornton family will have more money to make ends meet
chunkedSentenceReducedResult: Vector(Because of, President PERSON1, 's tax cuts) //TODO: wrong chunks! So build them before slpitting the sentences? WORKED
[33] Because of ,President Trump ,'s tax cuts
cie: the Thornton family ,will have ,more money to make ends meet Because of President Trump tax cuts // I DIDN'T find this TODO: another order of sentence parts could result in a match WORKED

Last month, the economy added 164,000 new jobs as the unemployment rate fell to 3.9%, cracking 4% for the first time since 2000.
clausie: "the unemployment rate"	"fell"	"to 3.9 % cracking 4 % for the first time since 2000" // TODO: impossible for me to achieve this because we cant now that 4% refers to the unemployment rate?

we will continue to give these heroes the training, the tools, and the RESPECT they deserve.
TODO: implement a pattern which deals with the commas

We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR.
cie: "Congress"	"secure"	"the border in the upcoming CR" // wrong :)
me: no wrong extractions

He walked all the way home, he shut the door.
cie: "He"	"walked"	"all the way home"
cie: "he"	"shut"	"He walked all the way home the door" // wrong :)
me: correct

He thought quickly but still did not answer correctly.
cie: "He"	"did not answer"	"correctly"
me: He ,thought ,quickly but still did not answer correctly  // I think this is besser because the above on could lead to misleading information
example: He shot quickly but still looks very handsome.
cie: "He"	"looks"	"very handsome"

I saw that she was busy, and prepared to leave.
- here "prepered to leave" refers to "she"
cie: "I"	"saw"	"that she was prepared to leave" // wrong
cie: "she"	"was prepared"	"to leave" // wrong
me: // correct
[1024] I ,saw ,that she was busy
[150] she ,was ,busy

Between your house on Main Street and my house on Grand Avenue, the mayor's mansion stands proudly.
cie: alles richtig
me. nothing TODO: parse sentences with bigger length

More than half of Canadians under 35 say they're spending less because of recent rate hikes
me: nothing, TODO: sent is too long, I could just add the part with "because" to the word before because my extractor finds this
me: 35 ,say ,they 're spending less TODO: How to manage this?

Wall Street is moving, and it’s reshaping New York.
TODO: split inputs like this at "and"?

On the downside, higher rates would probably leave some borrowers unable to service their debts.
cie: "higher rates"	"would leave"	"some borrowers unable to service their debts On the downside"
me: higher rates ,would probably leave ,some borrowers unable to service their debts // this is better because "probably" is important here

 To keep unemployment down Turkey would need to transition to a production- and export-led economic growth model.
 TODO: Put the conjunction together and treat therefore as one chunk

 The economy would cool, imports would slow and the current-account deficit would narrow
 me: confused extraction TODO: just split at comma and "and"

 Investors worry that political pressure means Turkey's central bank will resist a hike until it's forced to do so by the market.
 me: nothing TODO: append the rest like above

 To make sure the money stays, Turkey's central bank needs interest rates that are high enough to lure investors
cie: doesn't have: [13] Turkey central bank ,needs ,interest rates that are high enough to lure investors (I got it)

There is a million pockets for a trillion tools




AND's IM INTERESTED IN:
1.
Tim has a black car and reads a book.
Part of the problem is that Turkey lacks energy resources and is a major oil importer. //TODO: make rule: if Verb follows "and", put the rest of the sent in to chunk before "and"

2.
he has a big car, a char and flying cats. // TODO: if a noun follows
He got flying dangerous cats which are sitting on a tree, three small awesome dogs and a bird, which can fly to the moon and beyond.

3.
His car is green, blue and yellow
His helicopter is very tidy from inside, looks like a new spaceship and is as fast as the light.

