Yes this does work even with my 17yr old step daughter's thick hair.
It does take some monkeying with and a few bobby-pins but over all It was a great deal and I'm happy with the purchase.
I have very fine, dry, curly hair that frizzes easily.
For years I HATED my curly hair because all it ever did was frizz, especially around my face.
I tried using several other frizz control products, and many of them did help.
I found this product in 2004.
This particular product is what pushed me from hating my curly hair to embracing and enjoying it.
Once i began using this product, I started getting compliments on my hair, regularly.
I could write epic depressing novels on all of the horrible comments I got from people up until the point I found this product.
It still works that well for me.
All curly hair is a little different, but this one is a must to try if you are looking to control your curly frizz.
Was a gift for a friend.
I love these.
I only use 2 everytime I do my hair and the two rubberband survive until I need to do my hair again.
I have seen one too many seal movie where the operatives wear kiafiyahs.
I shopped locally and the options weren't very varied and they were extremely expensive.
I naturally popped onto Amazon, saw this kiafiyah.
I liked the colors and the pattern.
The price was a bonus.
The kiafiyah has been washed several times and seems to have maintained its color and weave.
It is very comfortable on cold Midwestern days, and isn't too unfashionable then it isn't wrapped around my head.
Should I ever lose this one, I would definitely order this one agiain.
As usual I was very pleased with any BH products.
However, my hair looks dirty and unwashed.
It is dry and looks more like a broom.
I purchased this product and 2 larger jars of Potion 9 from Can Buy Me Beauty.
I have not found a better leave-in conditioner.
It hands down beats the .
They even said to keep the wrong product as a gift.
That just doesn't happen these days.
I still had some of the old formula.
I could tell by the ingredients that they had changed this at some point.
A great product.
Also  gives you such a healthy full haed of hair look, and as well you have no fly aways'.
I highly reccomend this product, and I will purchase it again.
Finally a product for girls with hair somewhere in between straight and nappy.
Since I have found this product, my hair has taken on a new look.
It has more body and shine and is much easier to control.
I wouldn't be without it.
It is everything I expected it to be.
Great Purchase.
This product is not only a great bargain but both comfortable and very functional.
On my recent cruise to the Caribbean I was able to carry my camera, sunscreen, boarding documents, and had plenty of space for more.
I may purchase another just as a backup just in case the manufacture decides to ever discontinue this item as is what often happens when I find something i really like.
This was exactly what I needed and the value was excellent.
It took a little while for it to get here, but that's understandable.
I HIGHLY recommend.
I have short hair that would be pretty limp without a product in it.
I typically use it after blow-drying.
Just a little dab, warmed up in my hands and my hair stays where I want it, gives it some body but doesn't leave it stiff.
Dry Shine has a very light scent and leaves my hair just a little shiny, but not greasy.
Occasionally, I don't have time for a shower and just use Dry Shine to restyle in the morning.
Works great and still doesn't look greasy.
All the other ones I bought from them were great.
They do not break my hair off like some barrettes.
These are perfect for hair that you want to pull away from your face.
My hair is pretty thick and these hold them back nicely.
Very hard to find them in any store.
I will be buying more from Amazon.
the rhinestone is fantasticas it shown in the picturemay be betteryeah I didnt like the lengthbut I will wear it for my weddingthank u.
I received this product in 5 days to Afghanistan, where the other products, 3/4 came up lost.
This helps with to be within regulations in the Army.
It works okay, only problem is I ordered two and only received one in packaging.
Wish I had gotten both that I had ordered.
I have semi thick hair, and when trying out the donut this morning it wouldn't fit all of my hair.
I am going to try to stretch it to make it work, but just be warned.
This is very small so it is perfect for little kids .
If you have tick hair there is no way to use this way to small.
This is the best hair gel there is.
I have been using it for years and was really happy to get such a good price.
It doesn't even work.
It might be because I'm not using it right, so maybe you should put instructions so customers can know how to use it.
Yes, yes, frizzy hair, blah, blah, blah.
I feel like when I start each beauty review that has to do with hair I state that I am a frizz-ball.
A new product I have tried recently is from the Bed Head line.
A girlfriend uses many of these products and swears by them, so I thought I'd give it a whirl.
I picked up the Control Freak serum.
My first thought - this is a fairly inexpensive  bottle when you realize how much product you are getting.
I have been using this a few times a week for about two months now, and it looks like I've barely put a dent in it.
My second thought - I really like this serum.
It works best for me straight out of the shower and before I blow dry.
The frizz is decreased and my hair is shiny, which is clearly fab.
It mostly just feels like glop in my hair and does not look good at all.
This is one I would recommend for wet hair - and I like the smell too.
If you are looking for a product to manage those curls, especially on natural 4c hair, this is your go to.
I was surprised to find that these held my very fine hair firmly every time.
I put the flat side toward my head and didn't even notice them when I slept on my set.
All in all, I'm happier with these clips than any other pins or clips I've ever used.
I have fine hair that is quite long, about halfway down my back.
It works really well at putting it all up without giving me headaches.
I'd highly recommend, especially for anyone who has TMJ and can't do ponytails.
It stays put in my hair, great friction, very comfortable and soft.
You can't see it in my hair at all even though i'm blonde.
Great product ESPECIALLY for the price.
I have used this and all Rene products for about six years and find them the best for my thick, dry, unruly hair.
This helps the ends to stay put and not frizz in the great humidity we have in the south and Florida panhandle.
my once thick hair has thinned out a lot, but putting this in my hair makes me look like im almost bald.
the trick is to make sure all of your hair is wrapped around the bun thing before you roll it up.
my single complaint about this is that i didnt know until days after i purchased it that i found out it was coming from asia.
It is easy to use and looks amazing, Just make sure you have a bobby pin.
Love the product, and it is a great price.
Arrived one day early.
This keeps my hair back while I wash my face at night and keeps facial products, including messy masks, from getting in my hair.
So I wouldn't recomend it for that purpose but it probably would get the job done.
Really quick shipping.
was exactly what i orderd.
i will buy again.
it keeps you warm.
just watch online how to tie it.
I used it for halloween and still use it while i ride my 4 wheeler.
Just one pea-size drop can tame and control my long, course, dry, color-treated hair.
I use it before I use my flat iron.
I still have about a third of the bottle left nine months later.
Several friends have asked what product am I using to make my hair look so smooth and alive.
This product seriously blew my mind.
I went to the hair dresser to get my hair cut and the lady that did my hair used this product.
Now from being in beauty school I know that hair dressers are suppose to use products in their hair so that they can recommend that product to you so that you will buy it and make more money for the salon.
But they always tend to be super expensive over rated duds that you blow your money on simply because a professional told you to buy it.
This product is literally so amazing.
When she went to use it on my hair my first thought was .
The first thing that hit me was the smell and in one word the smell is simply this.
I had told her my hair type was naturally a big fizz of curl but that it had a wavy texture to it and she immediately pulled this out.
My hair was just DAMP not wet.
I wouldn't suggest to use it on completely wet hair.
So she ran it all their my hair and said that it will calm down your frizzy and help tame the curl in my hair and that I could even straighten my hair if I wanted with this product.
I thought oh okay maybe it will work but I have pretty thick hair so I didn't expect much especially from a product you could find at your local Wal-Mart.
Let's just say I was FLOORED when I got home.
My hair looked amazing.
It looked as if I had just curled my hair with a curling wand and I just let it air dry.
I had literally perfect tamed curling iron curls after my hair air dried from being cut.
I literally did nothing to my hair but walk out of the salon.
I am a avid hair straightener user and wanted to straighten my hair when I got home from the salon to check out my new hair cut but took one look in the mirror and was stunned by how beautiful my hair looked.
I couldnt stop admiring how perfect my curls were.
Hands down best product for curly hair girls.
Odered this literally right after I looked in the mirror.
5 stars hands down.
It beautiful, looks great with so many things.
It feels good and solid.
The colors are great, vibrant.
To give this product a fair shot, I tried it twice and then tossed it.
When I first found out about hair donuts, I turned to Amazon to find one and sure enough they had a variety.
However if you have long hair, like me, you will need a bigger chion.
I absolutely love these.
They work great and ship faster than I expected.
Definitely buy one of these.
I know I will.
very very  easy to use  and cheap I get so so many many complements when I wear  it and it looks nice.
It's great.
It got to me super fast and blends in well.
My hair is about down to my clavicle and layered.
When I pull it up to a pony on the top of my head all the layers even out but this donut is still a bit too big.
Once you've done that, spread your hair equally and use an elastic over your hair and over the donut to secure under the donut then tuck your hair in underneath or pull you hair out a bit.
The micro combs help keep the headband secure in your hair comfortably.
Unfortunately, I'm having trouble trying to shape the headband into a more oval shape for my head.
It's great to deliver that &#34;piecey&#34; textured look, especially to the ends of a shag cut.
However, its not so strong as to prevent re-combing or running your fingers through your hair.
I often mix it with some water-based wax product to give it more hold.
It's actually gold in color and delivers a lot of shine.
I will cry if they quit making this great product.
Matched the necklace as the business advised matched for the pink stones, have purchased from this business before and will in the future.
They work, but they get tangled in her hair more easily than others.
I thought that they were two ounce bottles instead they are two one ounce bottles  I was mistaken about that.
I STILL DON'T KNOW HOW THE PRODUCT IS.
THEIR SERVICE SUCKS.
They don't let you know if it is out of stock until you ask so you gotta wait, I purchased a scarf on November 17th and so far I haven't received nothing as of today December 2nd.
and today they responded to my email by saying that they are still waiting for the manufacturer to ship it to them.
And if you read the reviews many people went through the same.
I can't buy anywhere for this perfect rubber band for my hair.
The rubber band that you can buy is not the same type of this traditional rubber band which offers you the ultimate flexibility of rubber.
This was a gift and the recipient seemed quite pleased with it.
It pretty much matched the picture and would have been a very pretty hair ornament.
It really works, it is super easy to make a bun, just watched a youtube video will trying for the first time, nice and easy.
I styled my hair for a 1940s event using these,  I pin curled my hair and used these clips to hold them in place,There were no 'kinks' anywhere after I took the pin curls out.
They held my hair in place, even upheld sleeping with them in- each pin was in the same place as it was when I put them in the night before.
I've tried many bun makers for my shoulder length hair and this is the best one so far.
Easy to hide and my hair color is transitioning back to medium brown from me dying it auburn.
I just put a couple of bobby pins in it to make it more stable.
I have baby fine hair which does not hold a curl or a style and I find hairsprays are frequently too heavy for my type of hair, dragging it down.
This is the answer to a prayer, because it holds, and can be worked after applying to create fullness, volume and piecy looks.
I bought this for my wedding last week.
When i ordered it, i was afraid it looks cheap, but it does not.
The rhinestones are small and that makes it look elegant and sort of classy rather than cheap looking.
For the money, it is great.
The only thing i have about it is you will need to use headpins to keep it in place.
I tried it without headpins and it was not sturdy.
It moved so i used a headpin.
My guests thought it was very cute looking.
Definitely recommend.
It is not very natural.
It works, but I think for the price there are better products.
It look just like the head band from the anime series of Naruto.
I will come back.
Worth the buck for u bun lover's put there.
Good quality for the price.
i would never buy it again i hate it will not tell a friend or give it as a gift it broke that day i got it i think and it sucks dont like it at all thank you for your time but i dont like it and will never buy it again.
This is such a sparkly,pretty barrette.
I bought this for my daughters sweet 16 party, she felt like a princess wearing it.
This item is very bling and defiantly a keepsake of the celebration.
These hold my hair out of my face very well.
I am so happy that i found these.
It's not too gunky - a lot of pomades seem to be very greasy or very heavy.
This is a very soft, and light product but it holds well.
Some of these pull my hair out.
The paint is beginning to peel off as well.
Not thrilled with these.
The ones that don't pull my hair out work great.
It's a shame they're made so cheaply.
Very disappointed.
Will look elsewhere for better clips.
i was excited for this, but when i received it i noticed it was rather large.
i have fairly short hair so obviously it wasn't going to work.
but even putting in rather thick and long extensions it still didn't help at all, the bun was still too big.
even on others who all have different lengths and styles of hair it was useless.
Looks pulled together in an instant.
My only complaint is that after a few weeks of use some of the strings are starting to pull out, but I don't think it's worth removing a star.
I use these to bead my daughter's hair.
I like them because they blend in with her hair color and do not distract from the beads.
We can see the beads and the bands are mostly hidden.
They stretch well and are hard to break.
They also last in her hair through several weeks and washings without getting weak or brittle.
I have wavy hair that I dye red; there were times when I looked like Larry from the Three Stooges because nothing controlled the frizz.
So now I use Control Freak and it's great.
I apply to damp hair, comb it through, and I can either let it dry on its own or blow dry it.
Control Freak leaves some of the wave in but keeps the frizz at bay, which is especially helpful when going for a 1920s, 1930s, or 1940s hairstyle, and using a three barrel curling iron will give my hair marcel-style waves without having to perm it.
To go completely straight, use the blow dryer and flat iron if necessary.
I had to try a few times to get the amount to use right, but since I did so, it's worked well.
It softens my hair and controls it without obvious residue or stiffness.
The Amazon price is less than half of what the local stores charge.
But if you have thinner hair, it's hard to make it perfect.
You have to tease you're hair more or the teeth shows through.
Probably made for thicker, more coarser hair.
Not thin and silky, like mine.
I'm a little slow on the uptake, and thru a blog, I finally figured out how people were getting these cute buns.
I DID mention I was slow.
So, anyway, my 4 yr old is into the whole princess/ballerina phase right now, and she just loves that I can put her hair in one of these and she has instant style, her tiara stays on better, etc.
And for the price, I bought 2, but am thinking of ordering more, because I know I will be using them for quite a few years.
Some people have said to use a sock, but I really like the fullness of these donuts.
Definitely one of my favorite purchases to date.
The hair donut is a total life saver, im in a military academy high school and using this made my buns cone out perfect everyday I used it.
It's awesome, I live ut.
Unfortunately, it was a little too big for my hair.
What a surprise, as there has not been any in the department stores large enough.
It has lovely warm tones that look really good with any shade of brown hair.
If this hair claw was about a half inch longer it would be absolutely perfect.
But except for that, it's great.
I have long, thick, wavy hair, and it's sturdy enough to keep my hair up WITHOUT slippage.
Very strong, tight spring, just a good, well made hair device.
Which doesn't bother me, I'd say I definitely got my money's worth.
I didn't re-order one right away so it was about a month before I replaced it, and man did I miss it.
I bought another hair claw from a big box store in the interim which only reminded me why I loved this one so much in the first place.
I threw the other one away after I received this one, it's just so superior there's no comparison.
To me, the extra few bucks I spent on this is well worth it.
I purchased some from the dollar store that were much to thin.
These hold up.
Its easy to use and makes your hair look awesome.
Its not very noticable when its  in your hair .
Its great when you want a comfortable, easy , and cool looking hairstyle .
I have used Citre Shine products since turn of the century and thenone day, the shampoo, conditioner and related products were gonefrom the shelves of all our stores.
If you can get the shampooand conditioner, along with the Citre Shine Serum, then top off withthe Laminator, you will be amazed how nice your hair will look.
it fell apart as soon as i got it.
I only got to use it once.
It was a little to big as well.
Creates a big beautiful, elegant bun.
I use it all the time and the size is perfect for my long, thick hair.
So cute.
I have thick, brown, wavy/curling hair and I put a small amount on after my shower at night before going to bed.
didn't end up using any of the clips.
I used it for the first time and absolutely love it.
makes such a pretty bun and works for every lenght and type of hair.
This shine serum is absolutely the best one I have ever used.
It didn't leave my hair feeling sticky or weighed down, as opposed to some of the others on the market.
Plus it smells great.
It comes in a small bottle, but a little goes a long way.
I think a pump design would work so much better.
Other than that, I think this s an awesome product.
I purchased this with the Mixed Chicks leave-in conditioner and was a little disappointed.
This hair silk does leave a slight shine to your hair but no better than any other shine serum.
I think this product is a tad overpriced for what it does.
They're honest when they say it will take a while to arrive - but I wasn't in a rush.
It looks just as it is presented and works perfectly.
Perfect donut, good quality and good price.
Its quite big, so you need medium length hair to wrap around it.
Yes it is a very good product i buy these all the time at dollar tree for a dollar.
So im kinda shocked to see it on for $5.
Most don't grip your hair very nicely and don't look good.
But this one doesn't have any of those problems and fits all my categories perfectly.
I have medium to fine hair, and medium thick hair and it grips just fine.
So comfortable, I can't feel it.
The one I ordered is tortoise shell colored and very pretty.
I will be ordering a few more soon.
I wore this for a Halloween costume dance, but it would also be perfect as a wedding tiara.
Sparkly as described.
The tiara stays on your head with a small comb on each side.
I highly recommend this tiara; it is a great value for the money and does not look cheap.
I already use it like 10 time it nice and easy to do so far no rip or tear the price Is unbeatable.
makes my hair feel soft and looks healthier.
ive bought bed head for year and wont go back to anything else.
I like it saved alot of money too.
I would definitly recommed this to any one who wants a good bunn.
I easily do a bun now.
Good service too.
But they're tricky to take out so you don't break your hair.
I've got fine hair and I have to take a lot of care when I remove these, hair tangles easily in them.
I like the colors, though.
And they do hold my hair.
They last about 6 months before the 'snap' gets looser and the holding power loosens with it.
So, okay barrettes, mainly because of the colors.
I loved it Now when I don't feel like really doing anything to me hair I use my donut and it looks amazing.
It is light, and it makes your color darker and vibrant.
In the middle of the day, a little bit revives your hair.
I have long, thick hair and still this is a little large.
The donut sometimes shows when styled.
Arrived well packed and on time.